Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
1 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
2 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
3 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
4 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
5 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
6 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
7 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
8 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
9 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Prologue: Reverse Conquest
"…How did it end up like this?"
Shidou, after muttering hopelessly, blinked to check what kind of situation he was
being put in right now.
Shidou confirmed that there were two girls in his field of vision.
One of them had bright colored hair and it was fixed up. She looked like a girl with
an unyielding spirit.
Both sides of her cute lips were slightly raised, and a beautiful bold smile floated on
her face. From her exposed collarbone to her neck was exquisite curve in contrast to
her exaggerated behavior. There was a ticklish charm overflowing out from her that
was stirring somewhere in his senses.
"Kuku……oh, Shidou. What is troubling you? All you have to do is choose me,
Yamai Kaguya. If you do that, I will see to it that all your dreams come to fruition."
After saying that, the girl?Kaguya pulled out her hand elegantly as if she was
performing in an opera, and lifted Shidou's chin. It was such a simple action, and
yet, it felt like electric shocks were assaulting and flowing inside his brain.
But---that wasn't all to it.
The other girl looked strangely like Kaguya?to the point you could wonder
whether she was a Doppelganger?and her looks were almost the same as the
latter's.
Her hair was braided into three strands, and her eyes had no trace of energy in them.
In contrast to that, Shidou's eyes were instinctively fixed on her proportions, while
he being charmed by the sexy feeling from looking at it.
"Temptation. Shidou, instead of Kaguya, please choose Yuzuru. If you were to take
Kaguya's weak body, you would only be compensated by a tasteless pleasure."
After saying that, she used the tip of her fingers to pat Shidou's cheeks. Shidou
spontaneously stiffened up at that sensual feeling.
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
10 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
"Fuu…………give up, give up. If someone like you were to make a move on him,
you would only be bothering Shidou."
"Sarcastic laugh. Since you can't beat me directly, you must do something shameful
like picking on Yuzuru's actions."
As soon as Kaguya and Yuzuru's eyes met, both of them looked back at Shidou at the
same time, and then, again at the same time, both of them immediately held their
hands out.
"Well, Shidou."
"Question. Who would you pick?"
"No, e-even if you say something like that…"
Shidou was letting cold sweat surface on his face while withdrawing back.
As he did that…
"Hey…I am the cuter one, right?"
"Question. Is Yuzuru…no good?"
And like that, both of them were looking up at Shidou while asking him.
"Uhh………"
Inside his head, confusion and questions were spinning.
It is true that in order to save the Spirits, and to save the world, Shidou must conduct
his capture.
Yet…why.
--- Shidou was the one currently being captured by the Spirits.
Since Shidou was putting on a fuzzy smile while trying to dodge their questions,
Kaguya and Yuzuru stretched their hands even further toward him.
"Well----From either side."
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
11 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
"Appeal. Shidou. Please choose."
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
12 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
13 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Chapter 1: DEM's Plans
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
14 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
15 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 1
"------so, I am going to announce your punishment."
The voice of a man with a calm but heavy tone resounded in Origami's ears.
Right now, in one of the JGSDF garrison's room, a few men were sitting in a row,
and were staring at Origami, who was in the middle of the room. It seemed as if they
were blaming Origami for something.
But, that was only natural.
After all, an interrogation was being held now, so that Origami could defend herself
from her previous deplorable actions.
The man sitting in front of her----General Kiritani, continued to speak in a dignified
manner.
"Master Sergeant Tobiichi will be reprimanded and punished. Think of it that you
will not be touching the Realizer a second time."
"……………………"
These were the words she expected. Without changing her expression, she made a
weak sigh.
The outcome was something that had already been decided long before the
interrogation even began.
Through pro forma, even though the defense direct supervisor superior Kusakabe
Ryouko was attending, she had not been giving a lot of proposals. This was, in the
end, one of the processes that she was following on punishing Origami.
But even so, that was how messy the situation Origami had caused. This was only
normal. Rather than that, the action Origami made had been done despite knowing
the consequences.
Even if it is that Spirit. If Origami was able to bring down the fire Spirit <Ifreet>
that killed both her parents, she would no longer care if she doesn't have to fight
anymore and pulled the trigger of the annihilation soldier clothing.
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
16 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Origami's miscalculation………………<Ifreet>, Itsuka Kotori, was not her target of
revenge for her parents.
No-------that fact had not been confirmed yet. But Origami also couldn't throw away
the words Shidou told her after risking his own life as a total lie. If by any chance
what Shidou said was true, that 5 years ago at that place, there was one more Spirit
present, then Origami would lose the chance to chase to real culprit right here and
now.
Because of that fact, Origami who did not get agitated to anything thoughtless, felt
like her heart was being pressed tightly.
But------at that moment.
"………………?"
Suddenly, the room door opened, and all of the men sitting in a row in the room
poured their sights towards that direction.
"What is it, there is an interrogation being held now. Who told you to enter-------"
At the same time as Kiritani said that while frowning, he also turned his face to look
at the intruder, and stopped his words midway.
"---Mister Westcott?"
Seeing the face of discomfort and his puzzled voice, Origami turned behind and
took a glance.
Over there, a man was standing, accompanied by a girl who appeared to be a
secretary.
He was a tall man wearing a jet black suit. His hair was dark ash blond, and he had a
pair of sharp eyes as if a knife was used to cut a slit on his face. His age should
around 30 years old, yet, he was a mysterious man that gave off a feeling that of
being an experienced veteran.
Seeing that man's face, and hearing Kiritani saying that person's name, Origami
moved her eyebrows a little.
DEM Company's managing director, Sir Isaac Ray Peram Westcott.
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
17 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
He was the substantial top of the manufacturers who were the only ones that could
produce the Realizer in the entire world.
"-----aah. Looks like all of you were in the middle of something. Sorry for the
rudeness."
As Westcott looked around the room, he shrugged his shoulders a little while saying
that in fluent Japanese.
"Wh, why is someone like you in a place like this……………..?"
Kiritani said that in a flustered manner and turned his eyes towards Westcott's
direction.
"Well you see, although I managed to give you all a present, the <White Licorice>, I
heard that Mana is down. And since I planned to come to Japan too, so while I am at
it I thought I would come to give some encouragement to all of you
but……………………something interesting reached my ears along the way. "
"Something interesting?"
When Kiritani tilted his head, Westcott nodded exaggeratedly.
"Is the AST member who activated the <White Licorice> and fought with the Spirit
in here?"
"………uh………"
From Westcott words, Kiritani gulped.
That was probably a normal reaction. DW-029 <White Licorice>, the annihilation
soldier clothing that Origami used recklessly, was DEM's experimental unit. It was
the crystallization of concealment technology. Before the talk of saying it was
difficult for practical use, the said equipment was only permitted for DEM's
transferred employee Mana to activate only.
Westcott probably guessed Kiritani's thoughts and swung his head in a manner as if
he was in a play.
"You should not hastily jump to conclusions. It is not like I was planning, to blame
you or use this deplorable act as a shield to make someone forcibly follow my
demands."
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
18 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
"…………? Then why?"
"It is just pure curiosity. Although she was able to ride it for just a few moments, I
was curious on what type of a person that Wizard, who was able to ride that crazy
thing, would be. Well-----"
While saying that, Westcott turned his sights towards Origami.
"I didn't think it would be a cute and lovely lady like you."
"…………………"
In his sights, Origami felt a weird and creepy feeling and *Gulp* she drank down
the saliva in her throat.
He probably thought that by doing that he had transmitted his thoughts, and made a
dry smile while shrugging his shoulders.
And, as if to interrupt that exchange, General Kiritani purposely coughed.
"Please let us properly apologize later regarding on this matter. I was also planning
to give the punishment to the First Lieutenant."
"What do you mean by punishment?"
"We came to the conclusion that it would be proper to give her a disciplinary
discharge following past treatments."
When Kiritani said it clearly, Westcott made a huge sigh.
"What are you saying? There aren't many Wizards out there that are in that level to
be able to control that thing, you know?"
"…………That is not the problem, Mister. This is law within the squads."
"Ooou…………"
From Kiritani words, Westcott made a pose by exaggeratedly placing his hands on
his forehead, and made a thin sigh.
And then pointed his hands at Kiritani's desk, and brought his face forward without
hesitation before opening his mouth.
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
19 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Do you still not understand, even though I am saying this much?"
"………uh………"
From Westcott words, all of the military officers sitting in a row gasped at the same
time.
It was certain that he had that much impact but-------that was not all.
Isaac Westcott was the DEM Company's managing director. Which means, even
though he was the man that controls all the Realizers in the world, he was not a man
to talk much.
30 years ago, a few people gained the technology of miracles.
A fragment of [Magic] that could make daydreams manifest into reality.
Although it was not officially announced to the public, the Realizers were already
deployed to each country's major organizations.
If by any chance, by the whim of the DEM Company, the situation turned into them
not supplying the Realizers to specific countries, there might be a chance that those
countries might suffer a huge reduction in their powers.
The sound of General Kiritani gulping down his saliva could be heard. In addition
to that, the JGSDF right now had made a huge debt with the DEM Company. If he
were to make a mistake in his judgments and make a mistake concerning Westcott's
mood, then there is probably no mistake that things would be troubling.
But, when Kiritani clenched his teeth, he hit the table with his fist.
"…………Don't underestimate me, you private enterprise. I will not change the
decision. First Lieutenant Tobiichi is getting a disciplinary discharge."
He said that, and then glared straight at Westcott.
For a moment, the sound of someone gulping could be heard but----there was no
one who wanted to make an objection.
That was a normal thing to do. The precedence of things like the JGSDF executives
giving into the demands of a foreign enterprise, couldn't be made in a place like
this.
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
20 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
"Splendid."
Westcott who was crossing his sights with Kiritani went silent for a few moments,
and made a sigh.
He then took out a smart phone from the pocket inside his jacket, and then started
calling someone with it.
"---Aah, nice to meet you. Long time no chat. Yes, but in reality there is something I
want to discuss with you…………."
And after exchanging some words with the other side, Westcott handed the phone to
Kiritani.
"……….? What are you----"
"You will understand if you answer it."
While Kiritani was distorting his expression to doubt, he then took Westcott's phone.
And then, after a few seconds.
"…………Minister of Defense Saeki……?!"
Kiritani rocked his chair with a clank, while his face was dyed in shock.
"Ha………but. -----n, no, there is no way that kind of thing is………"
While sweat was oozing out of Kiritani's forehead, there was a huge wrinkle carved
in between his eyebrows.
Kiritani finished his telephone call and threw the phone right back at Westcott.
"Ooototo. Treat it with care please, since this is the latest model."
"…………You bastard."
"Fufu, the Siberian control is really a wonderful system, isn't it. Without using
physical strength to pin down an opponent, the whole thing can be settled by being a
little intimate with one gentleman."
Westcott then put the phone into his pocket, and send his sights back to Kiritani
while shrugging, Westcott then showed his palm of his hands as if to quicken the
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
21 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
proposal.
Kiritani groaned, irritated, raised the scroll he hit away and, slammed it on the table.
"…………First Lieutenant Origami, will be dealt with a house arrest for an interval
of 2 months……!"
""…………!?"'
From that announcement, all of the executives that were lined up opened their eyes
wide. House arrest----in other words, the prohibition of using the Realizer.
From the things Origami knew about, this was an unbelievably soft punishment.
"General. That is-"
"…………Silence. I already told you what the punishment is. The interrogation ends
here. Hurry up and get lost!"
"But…"
When Origami was trying to say something, Ryouko panicked and grabbed
Origami's hand.
"Pa,pardon me!"
She said that and saluted, she then took Origami and walked out of the room in a fast
pace.
At that occasion, Westcott raised his hands a little, performing an action as if he was
a friend but, Origami replied back by only giving back a glance, she then passed
through the door while she was still being pulled by Ryouko.
Ryouko then continued taking Origami and walked a little further from the room,
and after reaching a distance where their voices could not be heard, Ryouko then let
out her words again.
"………Origami, what were you trying to say just now?"
"………No matter if it was indirect or not, for the JGSDF to give in to the demands
of a foreign enterprise is----"
During the time she was saying that, Origami was *SUPAN*!, hit on the head.
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
22 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
"What are you doing?"
"That is my line. What are you going to do if you say something untactful and get
punished again!"
"………That is a problem."
When Origami said that, Ryouko scratched her head and sighed.
"Then, isn't it okay like this? Whether or not it is by coincidence, think of it as God
sending a angel with a scary face to help you. …………You want to take revenge,
for your parents right?"
"…………………"
Hearing Ryouko's words, Origami nodded while gripping on the scroll tightly.
Ryouko face slackened and she lowered her head as if she was satisfied.
And.
"…………Hmm?"
At that moment Ryouko suddenly frowned, and sent her sights to the depths of the
pathway.
When she turned her back to that something that was attracting her, she found two
heads peeking out from the corner of a bend in the corridor.
After exchanging glances with Ryouko, they walked quietly to that spot, and then,
"Wa!"
When Ryouko suddenly shouted, 2 of the heads twitched and collapsed onto each
other.
"Ou,ouch ouch…………What was that for?"
"Mugyuuu, hea, heavy, Mike, you're heavy!"
The 2 people here were girls that were around their mid teens. One of them was a
girl with her hair tied into 2, and was having a Raizen high school uniform
covering her body. The other girl, was wearing a slightly bigger white robe over
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
23 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
her working clothes and was wearing glasses, she was a girl with blue eyes and
blond hair.
Second-class soldier Takamine Mikie and Second-class non commissioned officer
Mildred F. Fujimura. They have a difference of a combat personal and a mechanic
but, both parties were AST members just like Origami and Ryouko. Since this duo's
ages were close to Origami's they were strangely attached to her.
"Mikie and Mily. You girls…………What are you doing in a place like this?"
While folding her arms, Ryouko asked them with half her eyes closed. The two girls
corrected their posture, and started hastily swinging their hands.
"Ah, err, Well that is about, ehhh, what was it already, Mily?"
"Ueh!? It's troubling even if you swing it to Mily ---"
Looking at the state of these two, Ryouko made a big sigh.
"It's probably something like worrying about Origami anyway…………seriously."
"A, Auuuu………"
"I'm sorry."
When Mily and Mikie said it apologetically, they narrowed their shoulders in
despondence.
But Mikie immediately raised her face and sent her sights towards Origami.
"S,so……………How did it go, Origami-san!"
When Mikie shouted and said that, Mily followed her and came forward. From
looking at these two states, [Seriously] Ryouko again made a face as if she given up
and spilled a long sigh. After that, [Answer them] she jerked her chin to Origami as
if to tell her that.
After Origami replied back to Ryouko by lowering her head a little, she moved her
lips.
"…………I was told and given a 2 months interval of house arrest."
"Ah, aah…………"
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
24 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
The moment she heard those words, Mikie lost her strength on her knees and
collapsed on the ground.
But she immediately swung her head, and took out a brown envelope with the words
[Letter of Resignation] from her pocket, and slammed it on the floor.
"No, now that things has ended like this, I will also quit this job~kyuu!"
"Mike, you didn't say it properly."
Mily stroke Mikie's back as if she was calming an animal.
"I mean, calm down and repeat after what Origami said just now."
"Eh………? It's because Origami-san is getting 2 months of house arrest…………
Eh? Arere? House arrest?"
Mikie wiped her tears with her sleeves and stood up.
"Hou, house arrest, which means you don't have to quit right!?"
"Yes."
At that moment, Mikie's face which was dyed in despair immediately turned bright.
"Tha, that's great…………!If Origami-san was to get dismissed then I…………
I………uh…"
The tears that were wiped away, was once again floating in Mikie's eyes. Mikie, then
overpowered with emotions, spread her arms and jumped at Origami.
"Origami- Saaaan!"
But Origami did not respond accordingly, and in order to ward off that small
physique coming her way, she instantly twisted her body, and because of the height
difference, she was able to give an elbow to the back of the incoming target's head.
Although it was not like she had the intention to attack her but, the feelings that were
carved right into her body, was just an overreaction to the opponent that was coming
right at her.
"Hebuuu!?"
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
25 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
She raised a strange shout, *Slam*! Mikie got her face vigorously hit to the ground.
"O, Origami-saan…………"
"……………I will get surprised if you come like that so suddenly."
"N,No way………Just now, wasn't that a nice emotional scene……"
Mikie was rubbing her red nose and forehead while, slurping her snot.
And, while looking at that Mikie with a sidelong glance, Ryouko bent down and
picked up the brown envelope that was on the corridor floor.
"Fu-un………………So you want to quit the AST. I guess there is no choice.
Although it hurts since we are running out of help, since you were polite enough to
prepare something like this, I guess I can't coldly reject the offer huh."
She made an exaggerated gesture and shrugged her shoulders, then showed a sigh
as if it was done on purpose.
"Heh!?"
The one that raised that hysteric voice was obviously Mikie. Her eyes turned swirly
with circles and then ran to Ryouko in panic.
"Ah, err! That was……!"
"Hmm---? Yes~. What's wrong Mike? ………… Aah, sorry for calling you in an
overly familiar way, Takamine-san. Don't worry, if it is you, you will most likely do
well in your life from now on.
"Captain, tha-that's a mistake! That's a mistakeee!"
Mikie extended her hands to take back the resignation letter. But, just when she was
about to take it, Ryouko held the resignation letter high up with her hand.
"Tha-that was some kind of a misunderstanding! That was a plot of an evil
organization!"
"Misunderstanding huh………………Even though this was written by you."
*Hop**Hop* Mikie matched the timing to jump, while Ryouko was held the
resignation letter further up each time she jumped to avoid it being taken.
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
26 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
It was clear that she was playing. Although it was a rare action for the overly serious
Ryouko but………There might have been accumulated stress from just now, so she
was just releasing all of it by teasing Mikie with her whole body.
And, when Origami was staring at Ryouko as always, *ahaha* Mily made a cheerful
laugh.
"Well, both of you, it's a happy thing that Origami didn't have to get
fired……………but it's amazing how you managed to get only a 2 month house
arrest. Honestly speaking, I didn't think of anything else is possible other than a
dismissal."
Origami, wondering where to start, had a problem explaining it. Mily immediately
started trembling.
"!,Do-dododododon't tell me…………"
"Mildred?"
Thinking that she was strange, Origami called her name. But Mily completely did
not realize that and blushed; sweat was then running down her forehead.
"Thinking normally, that act is a punishable class deplorable act………………but,
what was sentenced to Origaimi was a house arrest…………that punishment is
unnaturally light…………in a dark room…………and the lustful smiles of the
superior officers…………[You don't want to be fired right? Then you should know
what to do to avoid that right?]……………Ah~, Origami is then made to wear
humiliating clothes and to grovel on the ground, and then her maiden part where no
one has ever seen-----"
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
27 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
28 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
"Hey!"
"Gyann!"
*Bam* And Ryouko's fist swung down on Mily's head.
"Wha, what was that for! Mily's brain is everyone's treasure you know!"
"Shut up! All of the things you were thinking about were leaking out of your
mouth."
"I, it was leaking out……………Don't tell me you're forcing that maniacal play on
me!?"
One more time, Ryouko's fist swung down on Mily's head.
"Ouch ouch ouch……………mouu, is Ryouko going to take responsibility if I get
dumb---!?"
"It's already festered you Mimidoshima[5A 1]."
When Ryouko was in a given up state and opening her fist, Mily was rubbing her
head.
And at that moment, from the corridor, the sound of 2 person's footsteps echoed.
When they turned their sights towards that direction, they saw a man with a black
suit, and a girl wearing sunglasses. She was Isaac Westcott's secretary.
"…………………"
*lower* Origami lowered her head. Looking at what Origami was doing, the others
seem to have realized Westcott's existence. At that moment, they shut their mouth,
stopped fooling around and stood upright.
"----Aah."
Westcott realized the gang and moved his eyebrows, and the moment he passed
Origami's side, he placed his hands on her shoulder.
"I have expectations for you, young Wizard. If it is you, you will definitely shoot
down the Spirits."
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
29 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
"………………………………"
Origami gulped.
It was not like she felt hostility or killing intent. But, Origami's heart was
unbelievably contracting over and over again which was thought to be impossible. It
was like------she felt something like fear from the man that passed by her a moment
ago.
"Give her that."
When Westcott said that, his secretary took a small piece of paper out of her pocket,
and handed it to Origami.
"Go ahead."
She took it without saying anything. Over there was the name I.R.P.Westcott, a list of
numbers that looked like phone numbers and a mail address was written there.
"If you have anything that is troubling you, you can call us anytime you like. ------
DEUS.EX.MACHINA , will not spare any efforts in helping your cause."
"…………I am thankful."
She took the business card and replied softly. But eventually, she could no longer
stare back at him.
Whether or not he realized what Origami's state was going through, after Westcott
made a smile, he then accompanied his secretary and walked away.
"E,errr………Who was that person just now?"
"Who?"
Mikie and Mily was, tilting their heads exactly at the same timing. Ryouko who was
making a nervous expression was now scratching her head as if she'd given up, she
then faced to the both of them with half her eyes closed.
"That's the DEM Company's Mr.Westcott. Haven't you seen him on television or
magazines?…………It's still understandable for Mikie but Mily, Didn't you transfer
here from DEM? How come you didn't know that?"
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
30 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
The DEM Company is the only one in the world that could manufacture the Realizer,
the CR-unit's vital part.
Due to that, the countries' police organizations or the army which are supplied with
the Realizers, would have supervisors or maintenance officials deployed by the
DEM company. Mily is also one of those personnel.
[Ah] Mily touched her chin with her fingers from hearing Ryouko's words.
"Now that I think about it, there might be someone like that---"
"Now that I think about it………………Isn't he your boss from your place?"
"Ahaha, that's because there rarely are chances for mechanics and managers to meet
face to face--. Anyone would be satisfied if the management ranks were keeping
quiet while sending out money to Mily and the others anyway---"
"You made a dangerous remark so easily."
Ryouko made a dry smile, but Origami did not hear much of that conversational
exchange.
She looked at the business card that was left on her hand as if glaring at the words
and numbers printed on it------then moistens her throat with her saliva, once more.
Westcott was making echoes with his footsteps in the corridor, while making a soft
sigh.
"----Did you see that, Ellen? Everyone there did not see how grave that matter was.
All of the incompetent fools joined together, were weird enough to put the blame on
a genius that is 1 in 10,000."
"I guess that's true."
She was walking behind a few steps before Westcott while the girl----Ellen replied
back quietly.
"But, for an unpurified Wizard to move the <White Licorice>.... If by any chance that
Kiritani still does not want to withdraw Tobiichi Origami's punishment, it might
have been better if I invited her to my company. The meaning of that, it'll be a little
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
31 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
regretful to give up on her."
"To the DEM?"
"Aah. If a magic treatment was carefully conducted, compared to Mana or
Artemishia, she might even become a Wizard that could surpass the world's
strongest Wizard, Ellen Mathers.
"……………………"
Westcott said that while narrowing his eyes while the world's strongest Wizard kept
silent. Although he planned it to be a joke, she might have turned a little sullen at it.
Westcott thought that she was unbearably cute, and shrugged his shoulders.
But Ellen immediately remembered something and raised her voice.
"--------Speaking of which, there was one report."
She said that, Ellen opened the file she was holding with her hand.
"Report?"
"Yes. The AAA Spirit code-name <Princess> that often appears in the Kantou
vicinity, has stopped being confirmed appearing since 3 months ago, I told you this
before a few days ago."
"Aah, I heard, but that isn't really rare right?"
"Yes. But, look at this."
Ellen took a photograph, and showed it to Westcott.
There were two girls in the photograph. One of them was First Lieutenant Tobiichi
Origami they met earlier. Thinking about now, he heard that she was a reserve
member for the AST while half of her time was spent going to school.
But-----the problem was the other girl.
She was girl with a slender figure, wearing the same uniform as Origami. She had a
beautiful appearance, with night colored hair reaching to her hips. A pair of fantasy
like crystal eyes, that if anyone were to see it once, would probably never forget
about it for the rest their lives.
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
32 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
There was no mistake. There is no way to mistake it. That was,
".....The <Princess>?"
While Westcott was regulating his heart that has been beating fast, he made a soft
voice and said that.
Yes. The person being shown there was, the Spirit <Princess> that they were talking
about.
"What does this mean? Are you saying that Spirit is using a high level skill to attend
school?"
When Westcott said that while frowning, Ellen opened her mouth.
"This girl's name is Yatogami Tohka. It looks like she is a female student who
transferred to the Metropolitan Raizen High school, around the period when
<Princess>'s figure faded."
"What was the JGDSF's action?"
"It looks like First Lieutenant Tobiichi reported a female student that resembled the
Spirit but because the observation results show no Spirit readings from her, she was
classified as a normal person."
"How was she observed?"
"An outside observation from the DS-06."
"That's impossible."
Hearing the name of the observation machine used, Westcott placed his right hand
on his forehand and made a sigh.
"They used the low accuracy vehicle type DS-06 once and they decided that she's just
another person that just resembles the Spirit, just like that?"
"Looks like it."
"Ellen, with this I am certain. A peace-loving idiot is much scarier than anyone with
dementia."
"I'll urgently request for a re-investigation."
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
33 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
"………No, wait."
But, Westcott extended his hands to restrain Ellen from doing so.
"If we leave it to those kind of JGSDF VIPs, the best they could do would be a
physical examination with the same results."
"Then---"
"----Yeah, we are going take this matter into our own hands. With us doing it, we can
definitely solve this quickly and easily."
"But……"
He stopped Ellen from saying anything further. He understood what she was going
to say.
As long as Miss Yatogami Tohka has a chance of being a Spirit, it is necessary to
prepare the required battle potential to oppose her if she shows her true colors.
But, to have enough personnel and equipment to oppose an AAA rank Spirit and use
it on the scene, is unbearably difficult hide from the AST.
The point is, the situation now was like having a feast placed in front of you, but
your hands cannot reach it. He was also thinking of re-requesting the AST to let
Ellen enter the JGSDF again.
"…………Could you let me see that for a little longer?"
"Yes."
Westcott pointed his fingers to Ellen's hands, and after making a short reply, she
handed the file to him.
He then flipped through the book and-----------the side of Westcott's lips distorted.
"Houu………Isn't this a great timing…………Hey Ellen, did your body turn dull
recently for not having any Spirits be your opponent lately?"
"…………………"
He said that, and Ellen twitched her cheeks.
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
34 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Spirits appear in unexpected places and in unexpected moments by their whims.
There is a limit on preparing the strongest battle potential when it appears whenever
it likes, if by any chance they get to drive a Spirit to a corner, it'll be meaningless if
it goes [Lost].
But, if they know about the whereabouts of the Spirit, the way to do it was simple.
"I'll leave this matter to you Ellen. ------Ellen. Ellen Mira Mathers. The strongest
Wizard that is second to none. If it is you, you'll definitely be able to accomplish it.
No matter whom the opponent is, even if it is the being that causes the atrocity of
destroying the world."
Ellen made one clap before answering.
"That is a given. No matter who the opponent is, I will never lose."
It was an expected answer that fit his expectations. *hmhm* Westcott made a pleasant
smile.
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
35 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
36 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 2
Taking a short breath, Takamiya Mana slowly opened her eyes.
It might have been because she had not been using her eyes for a long time, but her
vision was blurry like a mosaic.
She could not properly exert strength with her body, and her whole body ache with a
dull pain.
"Where…….am I………..?"
In one moment, the voice she made with her throat, sounded like someone she didn't
know. Her dry throat and the buzz in her eardrums. Those factors were enough for
her to not recognize her own voice. The only other thing left was her own brain,
which could probably could not recognize her own voice. That type of stupid
thought passed through her head.
Taking a few seconds, Mana came to her senses, and confirmed the situation that she
was in.
A white room. A large bed. Her whole body was wrapped in bandages, her left arm
had drips attached to it and her mouth was attached to an oxygen mask.
There were electrodes stuck onto her chest, and the Electro-Cardiogram matching
with Mana's heartbeat was ringing regularly.
Mana unintentionally made a dry smile. No matter how she looked at it, she was a
patient in a critical condition.
"Why am, I, in such a………..?"
She said up to there, and Mana opened her eyes wide. She tore off the oxygen mask,
and raised her pain stricken body.
She then turned her neck, and turned her eyes to the digital clock placed on a shelf.
---14:00 7/5 WED.
"July…………fifth…….!?"
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
37 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Looking at the date displayed on it, Mana gasped.
Either the clock was broken or someone wanted to deceive Mana by intentionally
changing the date, if that is not the case.
Almost a month had passed from the day Mana fought with <Nightmare>-----
Tokisaki Kurumi on the rooftop of Raizen High school.
Yes. At that time, Mana was defeated and driven away by the real Kurumi whom had
manifested her angel.
The only other people that were at that place with Kurumi and Mana were, Shidou,
Tohka and Origami only these three. She thought that, there was probably no one
that was able to overturn that situation. Namely to say that means…………….
"Onii-sama……..!"
Mana forcefully pulled out the electrodes stuck to her chest and the drip that was
poking into her left arm. The second she did that, the Electro-Cardiogram
disordered and *Piiiiii*, and such a sound rang.
And finally at that moment, Mana realized something basic.
"Why am……………I, not dead…………..?"
It was certain that her body hurt. Her vision was hazy. It was hard to say that her
whole body's senses were in perfect condition.
But-----She was alive.
She was exposed, defenseless, to that man-eater <Nightmare>, yet she still survived.
Which means, the situation became unnecessarily incomprehensible. By the time
Mana lost consciousness, the battle situation was at it's worst possible state.
On top of the school's rooftop, inside the deepest part of Kurumi's duplication, her
Angel that controls time was enshrined there.
It was a despair-like situation that anyone can see from just one look. There is
probably no battle potential that exists in this world, that can defeat that monster.
But if that was the case, it still does not explain why she is still alive.----Unless that
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
38 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
perverted woman decided not to exact her revenge, with a reason like it was her own
whim that chose not to do it.
Mana placed her hands on her aching head. Even if she was still alive, she didn't not
know, whether or not the others were out of danger. What on earth happened to
everyone there?
"………………..Eh?"
And-----Mana, who was immersing herself in her thoughts, made that unexpected
noise while raising her eyebrows.
The door of the sickroom opened, and a few of people wearing black suits entered.
"--------Takamiya Mana, right?"
"…………..Who are all you people? You people are a little dark for a doctor or a
nurse."
Mana made a sharp gaze, and the men in black did not move an inch.
"You will come with us. Although we do not want to resort to violence, if you were
to resist, we would have no choice."
"………..Aah?"
Mana distorted her face in a bad mood, and glared at the man that said that.
"Do you know who you are talking to? Resort to violence? Against me? Haa, Try it
if you like."
She said that and stood up, and shaking her wrists to get accustomed to her body.
"Takamiya-san, is there something wrong?"
The nurse opened the sickroom door ----and froze in her place.
"Eh...........?"
She saw some problems with Takamiya Mana's Electro-Cardiogram and came to
check but…………the room right now, was empty.
On top of the disarranged bed, the removed oxygen mask and the electrodes, the
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
39 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
drips from the needle were scattered around, and a small impression was left on the
bed as if someone was just sleeping on it just a few moments ago.
But, whether she turned her head to the left or right, or even looked under the bed,
she could not find the supposedly unconscious patient in the room.
The nurse rushed over to the pillow side of the bed, and pushed the button to call the
nurse.
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
40 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
41 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 3
"Its over------"
The same time when chime of the bell that he was used to hearing echoed in the
school area, Itsuka Shidou fell onto the table as he used up all his energy. There is
probably smoke coming out of his head.
But that was only normal. That is because Shidou was right now, he has just finished
his end-term exam, one of school-life's formidable enemies.
"Okay Okay, don't slacken up yet. Please stack the answer sheets starting from the
back."
*clap* *clap* the teacher with glasses standing at the teacher's desk raised her voice
and clapped her hands. She was the class' homeroom teacher, Okamine Tamae,
nicknamed Tama-chan.
The students raised their bodies like zombies and passed their sheets to the seats in
front of them in sequence.
Although Shidou felt that the zombie modes of the other classmates were stronger
than average but, that was also normal.
In addition to the fact that this was an exam with a wide variety of topics, just a few
days ago all the students in this school were sent to the hospital at once.
At the end of last month, there was a case where, the students and staff members that
were in the Raizen school, all collapsed into unconsciousness.
After a thorough investigation from the schools gas pipes to building materials, and
the foreign substance that was released from gas, the school's temporary closing
was called off but…………….mercilessly, the schedule for the end term
examination's did not move even one day.
"…………….hmm?"
And, during the time he placed his answer sheet onto the stack of other answer
sheets and passed it to the front, he happened to see the girl who was sitting to his
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
42 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
right. Just like what Shidou did a few moments before, *fell* on the desk, she threw
herself on top of the table.
"Tohka, are you okay?"
"u, umu…………"
When Shidou tried to talk to her, Tohka raised her head dizzily.
"How did it go?"
"mu…….muu, it's just alright"
With an exhausted face, Tohka fluttered her hand.
In the mid-term test before, she was the girl that only scribbled in the answering
sheet (Reine made preparations in secret to make sure Tohka didn't get a red mark)
but, after hearing the meaning of a test, she said that she was willing to do her best
and started studying. It seemed like, she didn't like the fact that Shidou was studying
while she did nothing at all.
It seemed that in on the <Ratatoskr> , they also wished that Tohka would voluntarily
take that action, there was a study meet planned in the Itsuka house before the test
but………………….as expected she had most of her energy drained from doing
something she was not used to.
In reality, one hour into the study meet she started getting a fever. It was a real fever
that brings an intellectual growth spurt.
"Okay, now then, all the subjects in one end-term examination, are now over. Good
work everyone"
Tama-chan raised her voice. And the sound of cheers and breaths of relief came
from inside the classroom.
"But, since there are some things still left for today, all of you must not go back?"
Tama-chan said it to make sure and arranged the stack of answer sheets before
leaving the classroom.
And, matching with that, Tohka wobbly stood up from her chair all and dried up.
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
43 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
"shidou………..let me drink, some water"
"O,Ou. Are you okay?"
"Umu………..don't worry about it. I'm just a little tired"
Tohka said and stumbled to the classroom door with tired footwork, she then
opened the door and walked into the corridor.
"Haha……..well, she did try hard after all"
Shidou sighed after seeing off Tohka's back, and then leaned back in to his chair-----
----*twitch* he then twitched his eyebrows.
The reason was simple. The image of the female student sitting at his left side
entered the side of his view.
It was a girl with white colored hair that stopped and tickled the tip of her shoulders.
And because her head was turning left-----and looking at towards the windows,
although he couldn't catch a glimpse at her face but, he could imagine that there was
not a single sign of expression on her face.
Tobiichi Origami. She was Shidou's classmate and a member of AST; an
organization that hunts down Spirits.
"………..u"
Although he did not do anything at all, there was a creaky pain on his heart. He
unintentionally distorted his face.
After the end of last month's events, Shidou had not spoken to Origami at all.
Somehow, if he were to let this chance get away, he felt that he would miss the
chance to have a conversation with her.
He gathered his resolve and opened his mouth.
"O………..Origami"
When Shidou called her name, Origami twitched her shoulders a little before
turning towards him.
"------what"
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
44 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
And then, with her usual soft and accent-less voice, she replied.
He wondered why, but he was a little relieved looking at Origami's state.
But, after she stopped talking, there was silence between Shidou and Origami.
"e,errrr"
It can't be helped if she wants to keep quiet like this. Shidou was trying to ask her
about what happened after the last event that occurred.
But, as expected he could not have that kind of conversation in the classroom where
the other classmates could overhear them.
Fortunately there was some time left until homeroom started, and Tohka had stepped
out of her seat. After Shidou swallowed the saliva in his throat, he once again
opened his mouth.
"Origami. Can we go to a place where both of us can be alone for a bit?"
"…………………….."
At the time Shidou said that, Origami moved her eyebrows.
"A place, where both of us-------- can be alone?"
And for some reason, she said it with the words separated from one another.
"Aah. Look, even on the stairs where we had our last talk would be oka------"
"----come"
Origami stood up straight, and just like that she grabbed Shidou's hand with all her
strength and walked out.
"O,oi, Origami"
Even if he called Origami's name she didn't reply. Without even looking at the stairs
that lead to the roof, their footsteps echoed in the deepest part of the school building
where no one was around.
And then just like that, Origami walked towards the girls' washroom located at the
end of the school building.
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
45 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
"No, stop for a bit!"
"What?"
By the time Shidou finished talking and swung his hands, Origami tilted her head in
curiosity.
"Since this place is quite far from the classrooms, there won't be anyone coming
here during test time"
"No, that might the case but even so!"
"Do not worry"
"Wai, Sto-------no seriously, where are you planning to bring me!?"
There was no point in resisting. With Shidou hands being pulled, he was then
brought to the furthest toilet cubicle just like that, and *Kachin* the door was
locked.
"………..errrr"
He was facing Origami in this space that was obviously not supposed to be for more
than 2 people, Sweat dripped down Shidou's cheeks. And, at the edge of his vision, it
seemed that Origami had starting to move around.
"Origami, what are you-----"
He said, and gasped.
But that was only normal. When he thought that Origami used both her hands and
inserted them into the inside of the sides of her skirt, and just like that she pushed
her white underwear halfway down her legs.
"Wai, Wait a second! STOP! I'll wait outside if you are planning to do your
business!"
"………………..?"
But Origami tilted her head and made a face that Shidou's reaction was out of her
expectations.
And then *Pon* she clapped her hands together, and pulled back her underwear back
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
46 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
up, this time she crouched down. And then extended her hands towards Shidou's
waist, *Kachin**Kachin* she then unfastened the metal fittings of his belt.
Hii! He gasped, and grabbed both of Origami arms in a panic to stop her.
"What are you doing! What are you doing!"
"………….? Then, why did you bringing me to a place like this?"
"You're the one that brought me here Origami-san, right!?"
He was shouting while almost crying, but somehow he managed to adjust his
breathing.
"I………just want, to talk about the matter regarding last month"
"………..aah"
When Shidou said that, it was as if Origami came to terms with that but, and for
some reason she made a regretful face.
"…………What did you thought I was going to do?"
"That is"
"As expected you don't have to say it, I'm sorry"
"I see"
Origami stood up straight and looked at Shidou's face, and quietly opened her
mouth.
"----the results of the interrogation, I have been sentenced to 2 months of house
arrest"
"Eh?"
"It is about the thing after that event"
"House arrest………….which means, you don't have to quit the AST!?"
When Shidou spoke in a surprised voice, Origami tilted her head to the front in
silence.
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
47 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
"I see………….you didn't get fired huh"
He placed his hands on his chest, and made a sigh of relief. When he did that,
Origami rocked her eyebrows.
"Why did you react like that?"
"Ah, no……………….it's certain, that it is true. I wonder why too"
Shidou said that, and scratched his head, troubled.
Shidou supposedly didn't want Origami to fight the Spirits. If it was possible, he
wished that she would pull out from the AST, but even so.
For some reason, the moment he heard those words from from Origami's mouth, he
was a little relieved.
"---------it's not like I have come to terms with it"
"……………..uh"
Hearing Origami's words, he gasped.
It was probably because he guessed what she was going to say in an instant.
"The fire Spirit, <Ifreet>. You said that she was not the Spirit that killed both my
parents. -------However, there is no, definite evidence that proves it"
"……………., that is………"
To kill the Spirit that killed her parents, Origami enlisted in the AST.
Last month. She finally faced the Spirit that she thought was the target of her
revenge. It was Shidou's sister---Kotori.
And of course, Origami threw everything away and even violated the laws and
regulations, just to attack and kill Kotori.
But at that moment, Shidou remembered his past. The memories he had from 5
years ago. The image of the city being covered in flames. And the---the presence of
another Spirit.
"It is true that it might be that case. But……….I want you to believe me. I will never
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
48 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
lie to-----"
"Don't mistake me. It's not like I don't believe what Shidou said. I want to believe, in
what you said. ----and also, if I had to say then, I think I want what you said to be
true"
"Eh………..?"
"If possible I also don't want to kill your sister"
"Origami……………"
After Shidou opened his eyes wide in an instant, she gripped his fist hard and he
lowered his head a little.
"--------Thank you, Origami"
"That is, my line"
Origami, once again averted her eyes, and said that. Not knowing her intentions,
Shidou made a faint frown.
After Origami slowly adjusted her glance back to its normal place, she moved her
mouth with a bit of hesitation.
"I'm thankful. …………..for, you talking to me normally"
"……………..no, you"
"I'm the human that tried to kill your sister. ------No, even before 3 months ago, I
was almost about to kill you"
"……………………….."
Shidou made a sour face as if he was chewing something, and scratched his head in
a mess.
"Don't worry about it………………and I can't say something like that. But-----even
so, Origami, is the thought of talking to you like I always do-----is it no good?"
When Shidou asked that, for a moment, Origami showed something like hesitation
before, *Swing**swing* swinging her head to the side.
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
49 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
"Un"
Shidou folded his hands together and once again tilted his head forward.
"Well then, how about going back to the classroom soon. Homeroom is going to
start soon too"
"-----wait. There is one more last thing that I want to confirm with you"
"Hmm, what is it?"
When Shidou adjusted his posture by turning to face backwards and said that,
Origami stared at Shidou.
"-----Shidou. Are you, human?"
"……………….uh"
He unintentionally shortened his words. ------but, he had pretty much predicted that
question.
"From before, I felt it was a little weird. At that time, there was no mistake that I shot
you. …………….however, after a few days, you came to school with not even a
single scratch. And also----- during that time at the amusement park"
Yes. On the day that Origami assaulted Kotori. Shidou sealed Kotori's Reiryoku, and
on top of showed Origami his regenerative abilities, he also told her that.
---Kotori now is human, and <Ifreet>'s power is with me.
---That's why; if you are going to target someone, then target me instead.
"Guh…….."
Thinking about it, Shidou was quite reckless at that time.
Although there was no other choice but to persuade Origami, he had just exposed
his secret to her, a member of the AST which opposes the Spirits.
Origami probably guessed his thoughts by looking at his expression; she opened
her mouth without waiting for Shidou words.
"Relax. I did not report that to the higher ups."
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
50 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
"Uh, is that so?"
When he asked her, Origami was mostly nodding at that moment.
"But, why would…………."
"I can't just leak out uncertain information and cause confusion among the team
members. And also, if by any chance you are confirmed as a Spirit, there is a chance
that there will be a suppression order against you"
"…………..uh!"
*Heartbeat*His heart made a huge beat. Suppression order. There is only one thing
that word meant. Which means-----the AST will, the modern day Wizards covered in
mechanical armor will, using their entire powers come to kill Shidou.
But, that was a reasonable matter. That's because, he can seal the Spirits' power, and
although it was just a little portion of it, he was able to use some of that power. It is
not surprising that would conclude that he is a Spirit.
However-----
"I………..am human. At the very least, I think I am."
Shidou unintentionally expressed what Kotori usual said but, there was no other way
to say it.
"I see"
"…………..you don't doubt it?"
"I told you before, I want to believe the words you say"
She turned her neck a bit to peek at Shidou's face, and then continued.
"Someday, if the time comes where you feel like telling me the truth, I hope you
would tell me in better detail."
"……….Sorry. Thanks."
When Shidou said that, Origami opened the cubicle door and then exited the
washroom.
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
51 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
A moment later, Shidou realized that he was left alone in an unbelievably dangerous
zone, while relentlessly looking around to examine the surroundings; he hurried
and ran out of the washroom. But, when was about to return back to the classroom,
he followed Origami and walked in to the corridor,
"…………Shidou?"
Hearing the sound of a doubtful Tohka coming from behind, Shidou twitched his
shoulders out of surpirse.
"To,Tohka…….."
It seemed like Tohka had finished getting a drink and was suspiciously alternating
between looking at Shidou and Origami, she continued talking while making a grim
face.
"…………………Why did shidou and Tobiichi Origami, come out from the female
toilet?"
"guh!"
In an instant, sweat gushed out of his face. They had been completely discovered.
"N,no, that is……..errr…………"
Shidou tried explaining the situation to her but; there were already stares from the
other students appearing around them. He can't say anything untactful.
"……………………."
And, while being silent, Origami gave a meaningful eye signal to Shidou.
"What was that just now! What on earth did the both of you do!?"
"Not telling. This is a secret between the two of us"
"Wha,What did you say!?"
Origami stood one of her index fingers up and brought it to the front of her nose.
Looking at that comical gesture that was unusual from Origami, Tohka widened her
eyes and shouted. Immediately, she shot a sharp gaze in Shidou's direction.
"Shidou! What were the both of you doing!"
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
52 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
"Eh!? No……….errr, it's about"
Shidou uncomfortably scratched his head. Although he didn't mind sharing it with
Tohka but…………having 40 weak students gathering at the classroom windows, he
was reluctant to continue with the conversation just now.
"………..Sorry, I'll see you later"
"!!"
With no other choice Shidou lowered his head, and Tohka made a shocked
expression and collapsed to the ground after a dramatic [GAN!] effect appeared
behind her.
"To,Tohka!"
"Uu,uuuuuuuuuuuu………………why is it, why is Tobiichi Origami okay, but I'm
not…………."
She groaned in frustration, and clenched her teeth.
"Ca,calm down! Later! I'll tell you all about it later!"
"Re,really……….?"
"Really! Really!"
Her legs folded and fallen on her knees, when he appealed to her by having his
hands in panic, he somehow managed to raise Tohka's anxious face up, but.
"…………can't say. It's because I was made to do something like that"
From Origami words, Tohka's eyes widen in shock.
"shi,shidou…………..? What on earth, did you………."
At the same time, he could hear the sounds of whispers coming from around him.
[Ee--………….Itsuka-kun's the worst] [It's the first time I saw Tobiichi-san make that
kind of face……………..] [What are you doing in the school in this clear afternoon]
[Although you have someone like Tohka-chan you still………………..] [Damn
it…………damn it………….] [Hey was poison in the acidic group or the chlorine?]
[Hurry up and request hymn number 13]
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
53 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
"No, I didn't do anything to her! And the second half! What are you trying to do!"
He raised a voice filled with excuses. However, the persistent stares coming from
around did not completely stop.
And, at that moment, he heard the sound of the classroom door opening coming
from behind him, and Tama-chan appeared.
"Okay, okay, please get back to your seats. Homeroom is about to start"
"!, Loo,look Tohka! Go back to your seat for now! Okay!? Everyone too!"
It was a help from the heavens above. Shidou made unnecessary loud shouts, and
took the initiatives by himself before sitting down on his chair.
Everyone had something to say but, it couldn't be helped since the had teacher
arrived, so they returned to their respective seats.
Tohka [………….you have to fill me in on the details later] was saying that before
sitting on her spot.
After looking at the situation, Tama-chan let a giggle leak out.
"Ara---, looks like you were having fun. What were you doing with everyone?"
"Nothing, don't worry about it…………….."
Shidou was saying that with sweat oozing out, Tama-chan [Ara ara] made a happy
laugh before standing at the teachers' seat.
"Well then, I am going to start the returning homeroom now. But before that, there
is something we have to decide first"
"Yes~ what are going to be deciding?"
Tonomachi raised his hands up high, and threw a question. Tama-chan made a small
nod before continuing.
"Assigning the class groups for the school trip, and the seating arrangement in the
airplane"
"……………….ah"
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
54 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
The moment Tama-chan said that, Shidou raised his voice.
Speaking of which, the middle of July was-----just before summer holidays, there
was the school trip to Okinawa waiting for them.
From the mass unconsciousness incident to the end-term examination. And because
of various matters regarding the Spirits, he had totally forgotten about this school
life's greatest event.
Nonetheless, it looked like Shidou was not the only one. Around one third of the
class, [Ahh--……….now that you mention it] nodded just like Shidou.
"fufufu, everyone's so forgetful huh~. Now, let's hurry and-----oh, yeah"
And, Tama-chan, folded up her eyebrows as if she remembered something, and took
out a printout that was placed in the attendance book.
"Before that. -----the location for school trip this time has been changed"
""Eh?""
The voices in the classroom beautifully piled up.
That was only normal. That's because there was only half a month left before the
school trip. To suddenly change the location of the trip at the last minute was
unheard of.
"Hmm…………well it seems that would be the case"
"errrrr, so, what did they change the location to?"
Once again, Tonomachi threw a question.
Yes. Although he was a little curious as to why the location was changed so suddenly
but…………..the most important matter to everyone was the location.
That's because the original destination was Okinawa. Travelling to a welcoming
paradise with coral reefs, blue sea and white sandy beaches, and while munching on
Okinawa sweets and Saatandagi[5A 2] . There were probably many girls that had
bought brand new swimsuits for this occasion. If the location was changed to a nonbeach
area in Japan, jokes aside a riot might occur.
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
55 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Probably feeling the unrest from the atmosphere with her skin, Tama-chan
continued with a nervous voice.
"Do,do not worry. The changed location is also, a fantastic place too"
"That's why in the end, where is that location?"
"Err……….it's Arubi Island"
When Tama-chan let out that name, around half of the class went [ahh----……..]And
raised an "I see" voice, the other half tilted their heads.
"Speaking of Arubi Island…………….. That's towards Izu's direction right?"
"The heck, it became a nearby area. It's a Grade down huh"
"No, you can't say that's true. It's not that bad if its sightseeing"
"Okay, okay! Please keep quiet"
In order to silence the suddenly noisy classroom, Tama-chan clapped her hands.
In every corner of the class, [Well let's just say that the ocean disappeared for
now………………] under such ideas, everyone followed the teachers instructions
quietly.
"You can read the revised guidelines with the explanations for the minor details by
yourself after it is done, for now let's decide how the class will be separated. Please
make groups of 4 to 5 with the people you like"
When Tama-chan gave that order, everyone shifted their sights and examined the
surroundings before, *Gata gata* standing up and making a group with their closest
friends.
In Shidou's case too, Tonomachi was walking to him.
"Ou Itsuka, the class group----"
"Shidou!"
But Tonomachi's voice was, drowned out by the shout coming from Shidou's right.
Tohka leaned forward from the desk with her eyes sparkling.
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
56 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
"That class group or something, lets group together!"
"Eh……….eeh?
He unintentionally frowned, and accidentally let out a hysteric voice. But Tohka,
tilted her head in curiosity, not knowing why Shidou was shocked.
"Nu? What's wrong?"
"No, as expected that is kind of bad"
"Why is that? 5 people in a group right? Then there isn't problem at all"
"Y,you can't Yatogami-san. Please group the boys separately from the girls!"
Probably hearing the conversation, Tama-chan shouted from the teacher's desk.
"Muu……..why is that? I'd prefer to be with Shidou though"
"W,why is it……….err"
Tama-chan's face turn as red as a ground cherry and *Mumble**mumble* mumbled
something.
Shidou made a sigh and then fixed back to Tohka.
"Don't trouble sensei too much. Anyway, it's no good if the group is not separated to
boys and girls"
"Nu……………I see"
Tohka's shoulders drooped down in disappointment. But, she immediately raised her
head.
"! I know!"
Tohka said that, and ran out of the classroom. And after closing the door with a
slam,*Gata**gata* the sound of a locker from the corridor being fiddled with
echoed.
After around one minute, the classroom door opened again, and Tohka entered.
---Tohka wore a jersey as a substitute for the skirt, and her hair was tied up.
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
57 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
"…………Tohka?"
"Wrong. I------I am, To…………ou, yes, Touru"
When Shidou called her name for some reason Tohka replied back with an
intentionally low voice.
He guessed what Tohka's intentions were, it was……………….
"So because of that. Tama-chan sensei. I'm a boy from now on. There's no problem
with that right?"
"Yes there is!"
Tama-chan shouted with the feeling of not accumulating enough.
"Muu……….this is still no good huh………….."
With an exhausted face Tohka curled her back disappointed. And,
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
58 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
59 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
"--------wait"
And at that moment an unexpected person came to help Tohka. It was Origami.
"I wish you would approve Yatogami Tohka's excuse. Please be flexible and support
her"
"Eh…..eehhh!?"
From the remark of the person that had such a strained relationship with Tohka, the
teacher Tama-chan made a shocked expression. No, sensei was not the only one. The
other classmates that were used to seeing them bicker, also made shocked faces.
"You………..whats your goal?"
"I have learned the deep impression of your unyielding spirit. You have the right to
enter a boys group"
For a moment, Tohka was looking at Origami with her eyes half closed to be alert
but, after few seconds, *Fuun* she blew her nose and looked away.
"…………..i,I won't say thanks"
"No need"
"Wai,wait wait! Why are you two continuing with this conversation! That's no good
right!?"
The teacher Tama-chan immediately slammed the teachers' desk, to control the
situation.
But, Origami continued on without showing much attention of bothering about that.
"----However, as long as you are attending the school trip as a male, you have to
properly follow the rules"
"Rules?"
"Yes. Whether it's the toilet or entering the bath, all of it you will be together with
the boys"
"Wha……………!"
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
60 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
""Oooh…………..""
Tohka gasped and her face was beet red, the same time with that the guys all
together started getting excited. To those guys, the other female groups were quietly
looking at them.
"Of course, whether if your body is being stared at or, you were to stimulate
something, that is the law. That's because you are a boy"
"Whawhawhawha………….."
Tohka's hands trembled, and glared at Origami with her face being close to crying.
But, Origami payed no heed to that, and shifted her glance to Shidou's direction.
"------However, since one girl has become a boy this has caused a serious
irregularity. There is a clear need for a replacement"
"Huh……? What do you mean by…………."
"Since there the number of boys has increased, there is no one else but Shidou to be
a girl"
"No I don't understand the meaning of that!"
"Let's wash each other, Shidomi"
"Is that my name!?"
Shidou could not take it and shouted. The surrounding classmates that were making
the face, since honor student Origami is saying this so it should be true, as expected
[Hmmm?] they as also tilted their heads in wonder.
And at that moment Tohka, for some reason was placing her hands on her chin was
swimming in thoughts, opened her eyes wide.
"Wait a sec! If Shidou becomes a girl, doesn't that make us unable to make a group!"
"You can go on living your life strongly as a boy. I'll cheer for you"
"U, Unuuu, you tricked me, Tobiichi Origami!"
"Ah calm down already! Anyway, boys and girls are in separate groups! Gender
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
61 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
switching is also forbidden!"
When Shidou made the loudest voice he has done, the both of them finally kept
quiet.
After seeing them calm down just in case, the teacher Tama-chan pat her chest in
relief. But-----
"We,well, although you can't be in the same group but, the arrangement for the
airplane seats is free. If that is case, it's okay for you to sit together?"
The moment Tama-chan said something unnecessary, both Tohka and Origami's
eyes shone again.
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
62 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
63 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Chapter 2: Cyclone Girls
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
64 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
65 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 1
"A School trip? Aah, I heard about it. It's in Okinawa right?"
Itsuka Kotori was on the bridge of the flying airship <Fraxinus>, moving the rod of
the Chupa Chups in her mouth while responding to the report coming from her
subordinate.
She was a girl with her long hair tied in two with a black ribbon, and a crimson
jacket was placed over her shoulders. She had round eyes like an acorn. Her facial
features were still childish. No matter how much you look at it, she was a young girl
that was not suitable to be in a place like the bridge of an airship.
"…………No, the planned location was changed in a hurry. The destination is now
Arubi Island"
The woman wearing an army uniform with thick shadows under her eyes-----
Murasame Reine was, swinging her head around as if she was drunk while
continuing her words.
"A change? At a time like this? Why is that?"
"…………Aah. A month ago, a travelling company called Cross Travel contacted
the school authorities. It would seem they said that for the sake of the PR
sightseeing, they would randomly pick a school, and give them invitations to the
island. Although there is a condition of them taking photo's for their pamphlet, it
looks like all of the school trip expenses are paid by the company's funds"
"Ha---, they are quite generous aren't they. …………..But, no matter how good the
conditions are, is it okay for them to suddenly change the location at the last
moment like that. Something like the lodging place was also decided right?"
"………….It would seem that, the Inn the school booked got crushed and it became
unable to be used. And because of that, when the proposal came the school
authorities flew to it immediately"
"Crushed?"
It was not a peaceful talk. Kotori frowned doubtfully.
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
66 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
"……Aah. Although I don't know the full details but, I'm afraid the reason is
probably due to aging"
"Fuun……………. Well, although I feel that the timing is too good……….isn't it
okay if the latter party is okay with it? How about Reine go and release some stress
too"
Kotori made a small shrug with her shoulders while saying that.
Murasame Reine, an analysis member of <Ratatoskr organization>, while at the
same time she is also a vice-homeroom teacher for the 2nd year group 4 of the
Raizen high school. It was planned that she will also be attending as a teacher for the
school trip this time.
But, Reine suddenly lowered her face, and made a groan with a difficult face.
"What's the problem?"
"………….No, it would be good if I was thinking too much but, it seems that the
travelling company Cross Travel-------by tracing back to its origin, is affiliated with
DEM industries"
"What did you say?"
When she heard that name, Kotori distorted her face in suspicion.
DEUS. EX. MACHINA Industries. It is the world's leading giant corporate that has its
headquarters set up in the United Kingdom, if Asgard Electronics, which is the
motherly existence of <Ratatoskr>, is left out of the equation, it will be the only
company in the world that has the ability to manufacture the Realizers.
And, that organization has a principle that opposes Kotori and the team's
<Ratatoskr> which uses peaceful means to seal the Spirits.
This means, they directly eliminate the Spirits.
"…………It smells suspicious, somehow"
Kotori made the Chupa Chups rod stick out straight and made a deep wrinkle in
between her eyebrows.
Inside the many people of Raizen high school that was going on the school trip,
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
67 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Shidou and Tohka was joining them too. They probably aren't prepared for any
worst case scenarios.
"Although it might just be a coincidence, I will have the <Fraxinus> match its
schedule to the trip on that day just in case. Well, it won't be a problem if we make it
be able to move immediately when a crisis occurs, although it would probably be
just like an essential holiday"
"……………..Hmm, that's true. That might be good. If any problems happen, I will
contact you on that area. It'll be okay if you stand-by until then"
"How many days is the school trip again?"
"…………From the 17th of July, it'll be a 3 days 2 night stay"
"Geh. Is that so? On that day, I will be heading to the headquarters. This is bad"
And, when Kotori was placing her hands on her chin showing that she was troubled,
coming from behind *Zan*, the sound of footstep echoed and a man with long hair
appeared.
The <Fraxinus> Vice-commander, Kannazuki Kyouhei, was making a refreshing
smile while making his thumb stand out. His teeth that are despicably white glittered.
"I give up. What are you telling me to do?"
But Kotori, did not look over to him and continued her words.
"…………….Fumu, can't we just change the schedule?"
"It's probably impossible. Days when the Rounds directly gather others, is
something that only occurs once in a year"
When Kotori said that, Kannazuki that was standing behind her took a step forward,
Kotori's felt like she heard dramatic sounds like [BOOOOOOOOOOM] or
[Dodododododododo] coming from her back.
"…………….Is that so. If that's the case"
"Yes, there is no choice but to leave it to someone in the ship. If possible I would ask
for Reine to do it but………."
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
68 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
"………………..I will also be directly attending too. It will also be bad if the contact
personnel were gone from the area"
"You're right. I wonder if there is anyone"
When she sighed while mumbling, *Spin* *spin* Kannazuki came out dancing in
front the both of them. And like a swan, he spreads both his hands with an elegant
behavior------
"You're annoying"
"Eyes are particle beams!?"
Kotori dented her eyeballs and on the spot he got hit by a somersault before he fell
down.
"What is wrong with you, wandering around randomly from just now. If you're
practicing an original dance, how about doing it somewhere else?"
"Nonono, what are you saying. From what I have heard from the conversation, the
commander is currently looking for a substitute to look after <Fraxinus> while
Shidou-kun is on his school trip"
Kannazuki immediately spreads both his hands out.
"That heavy responsibility, is there any other humans that are more suitable than me!
No there's none! Your response!"
"So, if this is the case, as expected it would be Mikimoto or Kawagoe"
"……………….I wonder. Although they are excellent crew members, I wonder if
they are able to take command"
"Ignore play! Is there something like that too"
When they ignored him and continue on with their conversation, Kannazuki started
making *haa**haa* excessive breaths. As expected since it was getting irritating,
Kotori clicked her tongue followed by fixing her sights back at him.
"……………..During the time I was gone before, I've heard that you were making
quite a mess?"
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
69 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
"It's okay! Because at that time I only went PigBang towards commanders !
Oink! There is no problem this time! I will show you, that I will certainly make sure
to see Shidou-kun's one page of youth through!"
"………….Reine"
"………………well, I am also at that area anyway, it'll probably be fine"
To brush away the feeling of uncertainty in her chest, Kotori *Haah* made a sigh.
laogavpee
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
70 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
71 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 2
17th of July, Monday. After 3 hours of being rocked around in an airplane, Shidou
and the other Raizen 2nd year group were floating above the Pacific Ocean and had
reached the island.
"O, ooh……………….!"
Tohka, who had exited the airport, jiggled both her hands with her eyes opened wide
in wonder.
But it might be something that can't be helped. That was because right now, in her
view, a spectacular scenery was spread out and it was impossible to grasp unless that
person were to move their neck.
The ocean was spreading out across the road and sand, the horizon was expanding
out like it was separating the sky and the earth.
The sky was clear.
The sun was pouring down magnificently, and painting the ocean with a beautiful
gradation.
"S-so this is the……………..Ocean!"
She shouted, and as if she was trying to measure the size of it, she spreads her hands
wide apart.
But of course, the ocean was not that small, until it could fit into both her arms.
What's more, in an excited state, she made her shoulders tremble a little and curved
her body.
"Haha………..you're full of energy huh"
Speaking of which, Tohka probably has not seen the sea directly before. Shidou
made a wry smile looking at Tohka's overly excited behavior while shrugging his
shoulders.
Arubi Island. It is located between the islands of Izu and Ogasawara; it was an island
that had a total area of around 70 square kilometers.
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
72 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Because of the consecutive Space Quakes from 30 years ago, the northern part of
the island got scraped off. In the recent years it has been redeveloped into a new
sightseeing spot. In a way it is a place that has a similar history to Tenguu City
which Shidou and the others were living in.
The perfectly re-established towns in the northern block area, and without the
exception of other redeveloped areas, are all installed with anti-disaster measures.
And again, the beauty and rarity of the beach that was beautifully scraped off by the
Space Quake, Japan is also originally, a place that calls many foreign tourists to
visit.
Of course, it might be impudent if they think about the victims that lost their lives
because of the Space Quake but………….in this island that is continuing on with
depopulation, it won't even be exaggerated to say that the Space Quake has
accomplished to create a great tourist attraction.
"Unn----………….."
Even if it was not like Tohka, to Shidou he lacked the sensitivity to feel anything
even by being in front of this superb view. He looked around the scenery, and took a
good breath while stretching his body.
And at that moment unexpectedly, he leaked one yawn out.
"Fua……..aa"
It was probably because the gathering time was early in the morning, his eyelids was
oddly heavy. Even inside the airplane, he was almost close to sleeping.
Well, nonetheless………….
Shidou swung his hands while still not excited, while sighing he took a glance at
Tohka and Origami who were coming out from the entrance of the airport.
Whether it was fortunate or unfortunate, because the airplane seats are made to 3 in
a row, leaving Shidou right in the middle following from left and right, he managed
to get Tohka and Origami to sit at that arrangement but………….
(Shidou, look. The view is pretty)
(Shidou! This side is pretty too-------achk! The window is far away!? Tobiichi
Origami, you, tricked me!)
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
73 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
(It's your own fault for not sending out an application to reserve the seat)
(Gununu……………)
(Shidou. Look, you can see the horizon)
(Kuh………….., shi-shidou! Over here too, err, it's that! It's amazing! The airplane's
pathway is so cool! The beauty of it can't be compared with the horizon!)
(Look. You can see the mountain far away. Come closer)
(Unuu……………, even over here too………! shidou, look! There are gigantic
mountains on Reine's chest!)
(We passed the clouds. Look. The sea of clouds. The clouds look like a carpet)
(Ov,over here err……………Uh,ugahhh!)
……………because of the racket made by the stereo-like voice, he couldn't sleep
even if he wanted to.
"Nu…………….?"
Immediately, the Tohka that was making a ruckus made a weird voice and looked
relentlessly around the area around her.
"?, what's wrong, Tohka?"
"…………….No, I felt something or someone was looking at me"
"Eh?"
And, during the moment Shidou tilted his head, *Chick chak* that sound echoed, and
the both of them were covered in a flash.
"Wah!"
Because of the sudden event, he unintentionally covered his face with his hands.
When he looked towards the direction of light while narrowing his flickering eyes,
he found a woman standing there making a stance with her huge camera.
It might be called a Nordic blonde; she was a girl with a pale color blonde hair
flying in the wind.
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
74 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
She had facial features that were clearly different from an Asian's and her white skin
was her characteristic.
"Err………….is there something?"
When Shidou asked her while in a perplexed state, the girl lowered her camera and
fixed her sights towards him.
"I apologize for the rudeness. I am called Ellen Mathers, an attendant cameraman
called and deployed by Cross Travels. Starting from today for 3 days, I will be
applying everyone's travelling records. ---I apologize for the rude picture. Please
allow me to apologize for hurting your feelings"
"Aah, no, it's not like that"
Speaking of which, he felt like he was told that a cameraman was going to be sent to
take pictures for the trip. To think it was a foreigner----and what's more, a girl that
made him think she had an age that was not much different from Shidou and the
group.
"Sorry to have taken your time. Well then"
And, after she looked at Shidou and Tohka's personal appearances with curiosity,
Ellen made a bow once again, and walked towards everyone else.
"What was up with that?"
While folding her arms, Tohka tilted her head in wonder.
"I wonder too……………but, you were right about feeling someone was looking at
you"
"Mu, umu"
She said that then turned her sights left and right, and for the ending she raised her
head and faced upwards.
"…………still, I feel there is still someone looking at me though."
"Eh?"
He raised his eyebrows at those words, and brought his eyes towards where Tohka
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
75 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
was looking at but----over there was, only the refreshing blue sky as if it were
giving its blessing to Shidou and the group for their arrival.
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
76 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
77 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 3
"Telegrams received starting from Adeptus 1. The target has entered the island"
"Camera number 6, north block, Akaru airport, target confirmed"
"She is confirmed from here too. It's <Princess>"
The voices from the lower deck of a ship joined together and echoed, and on the
monitor the figure of a girl was being shown.
An AAA rank Spirit. Code name <Princess>, to the girl that holds quite a similar
physique and appearance.
"fumu…………."
DEM Industries' 500 meter class airship, the <Arbatel>.
A middle-aged man was sitting on the Captain's seat of the ship; he was making
small nods while stroking the beard growing on his chin.
James A Paddington. DEM industries second executive head for colonel, and also
the captain for <Arbatel> which was left to handle by Westcott.
"This is disappointing beyond expectations. Is that really a Spirit?"
"----Please be careful not to let your guard down"
As if to answer his question, the voice of a young girl echoed from the speaker of
the ship.
Call sign Adeptus 1, DEM 2nd head executive that was directly at that area, it was
Ellen's voice.
"She might be a Spirit. Just with that reason, it has enough reasons to be at Level 1
alert"
On the right screen, Ellen was being shown on it and was the one saying that but, she
replied back while shrugging her shoulders.
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
78 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
"I will bear that in mind"
Probably not satisfied with Paddington's response, Ellen slightly distorted her
eyebrows.
"………..tsk"
He clicked his tongue, just loud enough for Ellen to not hear it.
He didn't care whether or not she was the strongest Wizard or whatever, but to be
taking orders from a girl, whose age when compared to his was similar to that of a
parent and a child, wasn't amusing at all. All the more, she was a woman that had
rumors of being Westcott's mistress.
But Paddington wasn't that incompetent to not understand the post and situation
given to him. He planned not to be childish and use words with bad impression
without any reasons. After clearing his throat, he replied back to the girl on the
screen.
"So what are we going to do now? It doesn't Matter if she's a Spirit. If it's the
<Bandersnatch> team, it should be no problem for them to secure one little girl
right?"
"It is not simple as that. Let's go in carefully. First off, please turn off the radio wave
transmission"
"Roger. Perform a parallel start-up of <Ashcroft- Beta> from machine numbers 25
to 40, activate the Permanent Territory. The target is-----Arubi Island's entire area"
Responding to Paddington's voice, the crew moved their hands swiftly and operated
the controls.
When they did that, on the image of Arubi Island that was being shown on the
screen, the sight of a thin dome being painted around the island with CG patterns
could be seen.
It can't be detected by sight; it can't be matched even by touching it, an invisible wall.
The Territory.
Right now the <Arbatel> is floating 20000 meters above the sky of Arubi island.
From there, using the Realizer <Ashcroft-Beta> installed on the ship, the Territory
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
79 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
used by them is in a scale where it can't be even compared to what the AST
personals use, and that Territory is now activated around the entire around the
whole island.
Which means, transmission from outside or inside the island should no longer pass
and only the communication machine prepared by Ellen and the group would work.
With that done-----no matter what happens inside the Island, the AST won't be prying
their hands into this matter.
"-----and, speaking of which, how about that particular Wizard?"
Paddington asked while stroking his chin. It's true that inside the same class as the
target; there is a talk about one Wizard belonging to the AST is in it. Well, it would
seems that she is forbidden from using the Realizer because of her current house
arrest status, she does not pose a threat to them but……………the problem is, that
particular Wizard had encountered Ellen.
"That shouldn't be a problem. Since our faces only met for a few seconds, and at that
time I was wearing sunglasses. She doesn't seem to have realized-----"
And, in the middle of the conversation Ellen's words got interrupted. When he
looked at the monitor, it would seem that her face got covered by the sudden wind.
"Is everything alright, Miss executive chief?"
"Yes. However………..it's a little weird"
After She said that, Ellen gazed at the sky.
Same time with that, the image that was being shown on the big monitor on the
bridge started to have changes.
Paddington unintentionally frowned his eyebrows.
The reason is simple. With a velocity that is normally not thinkable.
The Sky, the cloud, as if it got whipped by an invisible arm, it started to whirl
around.
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
80 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
"Aahh mou, we got left by the others. Come on, let's hurry Tohka"
Shidou started walking quickly while turning back, and then threw his voice towards
Tohka who was still tilting her head.
Yes, after that matter Tohka said that she was still bothered by it and went searching
around, before they knew it their friends from school started to move.
"Mu……….Sorry, but I really felt someone was looking at me"
While jogging, Tohka said that to him apologetically. Shidou sighed as if he has
given up.
"It's obvious, that you're going to get looked at after making all that commotion"
"Muu, is it something like that…………….."
Tohka said that as if she was groaning, and kept silent.
"Errr………if I'm clear it should be this way?"
He tried remembering the map he saw right before departure in his head, and moved
left on a fork road. If I remember correctly, the museum we are supposed to visit
first should be this way.
And at that time, he touched his right ear to confirm the small-scale In-cam he was
wearing.
He was told to wear it just in case Tohka's mood collapses in the middle of the trip.
Looks like Kotori said she will be heading towards the Headquarters and won't be
here for today but, <Fraxinus> is floating above the island right now. In a worst case
scenario, they probably won't get lost if Shidou were to contact them with the Incom.
"Nu………….?"
And, he heard Tohka's suspicious voice coming from his back, Shidou stopped his
legs.
When he turned back, Tohka was again looking at the sky.
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
81 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
"Oi, stop playing around. No matter how many times you look---------"
"No, it's different. Don't you feel something is weird?"
"Huh………….?"
He said that and turned his eyes to the sky--------Shidou lost his words.
"Wha,what the heck…………….is that"
On the sky, that was pretty and refreshing just a moment ago, were grey clouds
starting to whirl around.
Gradually, at a frightening speed, the surroundings changed completely.
The clear sky was filled with dark clouds. The calm wind turned into violent gales.
The calm water surface turned into raging huge waves.
In terms of time, probably only a minute passed.
Within that time, the world around Shidou and the others drastically changed.
The sound of wind rumbling the ground could be heard echoing in the
surroundings. *Rustle**Rustle* The trees that were growing near the area shook
about. The storm could be said to be the same level as a large-scale hurricane. A
garbage bin probably got rolled over nearby, because newspaper and empty tin cans
crossed by his sights.
Shidou immediately grabbed Tohka's shoulder, and lowered her stance. If he didn't
do that, they might have gotten blown away by the wind.
"What on earth----is this…………!"
He frowned his eyebrows while using his arms to cover his face
According to the Weather Report, the weather should be clear for the entire duration
of the school trip. Of course Shidou didn't take it as a 100% prediction but, no
matter how you look at the situation, this is too weird.
"Tohka, are you okay!? It's dangerous so let's hurry to the museum-----"
"Shidou! Look out!"
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
82 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
And, right in the middle of talking Tohka thrust away Shidou's body.
"Wha…………."
The next moment, a garbage bin made of metal flew towards them, and made a
critical hit towards Tohka's head.
"Gyapfuu!?"
She let out such a comical voice and Tohka fell down on the spot.
"Oi ,oi Tohka! Tohka!"
He shouted in panic, and shakes her shoulders, but Tohka's eyes were completely
spinning.
"Kuh…………..I got no choice"
Shidou in an exhausted state somehow managed to carry Tohka on his back, and
walked towards the direction of the museum.
Slowly, but with certainty, he advanced one leg at a time.
"We're almost there, Tohka…………!"
---and, wondering how long has passed when he started walking.
"Ah………?"
Shidou, unintentionally raised his eyebrows.
In the middle of the raging sky.
---Over there, he saw 2 human-like shadows in it.
"That is…………"
Shidou suddenly gasped.
For human shadows to be flying in the sky, there are only 2 things that came into
Shidou's Mind.
It would either be Spirits, or AST Wizards.
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
83 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
"Don't tell me……….."
A bad feeling appeared in his mind.
It was a sudden outbreak of a big storm which is normally unthinkable under
normal circumstances. If by any chance, this is something brought out by the power
of the Spirit then-----
"No, but…………….the Space Quake alarm didn't ring at all. Then what on
earth…………………"
After Shidou encircle himself with thoughts for a few moments, he continued
moving onwards on the route he planned out.
If by any chance the human shadows really belong to Spirits then, he could not just
leave it alone. But it's not like he has any proof for his claims and the most
important matter right now is to move Tohka to a much safer place as he had
planned before. He fixed the fainted Tohka properly on his back, before heading
towards the museum.
But.
"------------!"
Shidou gasped. The shadows that were clashing with each other many times up in
the sky, in that moment when both of the noticeable big shock waves clashed
together, an extremely violent wind which could not be compared with the others
blew towards him.
"U, Uwah………..!"
To avoid getting blown away he stood firmly, and took a stance that curled his body.
And thus, the two shadows that were clashing up in the sky, blew each other away
and both of them fell towards the ground.
---both shadows fell just exactly to the left and right of Shidou.
"Wha…………"
Sweat was oozing out of Shidou's forehead. The nervous feeling made his heart
contract to its limits, and his throat rapidly turned dry.
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
84 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
The instant he did that, the big storm that was blowing hard around his area grew
weaker.
"Eh………?"
He unintentionally raised his eyebrows, and looked around his surroundings.
The storm calmed down………………　, To say that was a faulty expressive
remark. Arubi Island is still, having strong winds blowing at it.
Only Shidou and Tohka's surrounding was, No--------It is more correct to say that
only the surroundings of the two shadows that fell to the ground had a Calm
Windless Condition like one in the eye of a hurricane.
"Ku,kukukukuku…………………….."
And, from his right, the girl that has her long hair braided up was, walking out with
a fearless smile.
Her age was no different from Shidou and the others. From her orange colored
hair, to her mercury colored irises. Right now on the surface of her well-featured
facial structure, was a shape distorted to a scornful smile.
And the most characteristic part of her was the outfit she was wearing. Covered in a
dark colored coat, and various parts of her body were tightened with something that
looks like a belt. In addition to that, locks were placed onto her neck, right hand and
right leg, coming out from the locks were torn off chains. She looked like a
criminal that had committed an outrageous crime-----otherwise, it would be an
outfit that looked like a curiosity-seeking masochist.
"-----Looks like you can put up a good fight, Yuzuru. Or should I say, one would
expect from my other half. It should be expected from someone who has a battle
record of 25 victories, 25 losses and 49 draws from me. But-----that will also end
today"
Whether to say it's exaggerated, or a little too dramatic, she was a girl that uses
strange words.
And this time responding to those words, coming from his left side, the other
shadow was progressing outwards.
"Objection. The one that controls the count for this 100th battle, does not belong to
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
85 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Kaguya but to Yuzuru"
Coming from here, she was a girl that had her hair braided into 3. Although she had
the same face as the girl called Kaguya but, her expression, was painted with a half
opened eye that somehow makes her listless.
The girl here that was called Yuzuru was also, wearing the same weird designed
outfit, she was putting on the same restraining clothes same as Kaguya.
But, the position of the locks were placed on her neck, left hand and left leg. They
were placed on the opposite side compared to Kaguya.
"Fu, you babble a lot. How about giving up, and admit that I am the Spirit suitable to
be the real Yamai?"
"Denial. The one that will live on will be Yuzuru. Kaguya is not suitable to have the
name Yamai."
"Fuu………what a useless struggle. My future predicting magic eye has already
seen what would happen a long time ago. In the next attack, I saw a vision of your
body being pierced through by my Sturm Lanze!"
"Pointing out. There are no examples of Kaguya's magic eye's hitting its
prediction."
When Yuzuru said that, Kaguya hesitated, and shouted as if she had forgotten the
exaggerated state she was in just now.
"Shu, Shut up! My predictions came true before! Don't make fun of me!"
"Demand. Yuzuru demands an exhibition of a specific example of her claims from
Kaguya."
"Kuku………that is, about that. Look…………..I got the weather of the next day
right."
"Sneer. The results of a magic eye that is no different to a wrong side of a Geta[5B 1]
Yuzuru can't suppress her snigger"
Yuzuru placed her hands on her mouth, Fusu---and leaked out a breath. It seems that
she was laughing.
(Laugh)
Ridicule laugh
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
86 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
"Si, silence! I will sentence you to Death, for ridiculing my devil eye techniques! I
will have your body be payment for making me angruee!"
It seems that that was quite insulting coming from Kaguya eyes. She made her stance
while shouting. But, since she failed to end the sentence correctly, there was no
coolness following her.
However Yuzuru did not bother and continued asking questions.
"Demand. Yuzuru demands another explanation regarding Sturm Lanze from
Kaguya."
"Fu……..there is no vessels bound by logic that exists, on my Sturm Lanze. It is
tangible yet intangible. It is visible yet invisible. But it has the power and general
concept that only specializes in when it comes to piercing."
"Summary. Which means it does not really have any special reason to it."
"Wr,wrong! There is a reason! Yuzuru is the idiot for not understanding it!"
"Appeal. Then provide an explanation that can make Yuzuru understand. It should be
possible for the smart Kaguya"
"That is……….su, sudden. But don't be sad, for my black brain cells, has ascended
to a higher level where you're understandings will never reach. Yes, it is like no
lions would tell its intention to an ant------"
"Understood. This means you are saying you can't do it"
"Kuku, you…………better not make me angry"
"Sneer. Sturm Lanze (Laugh)"
"Do, don't laughhhhhhhhhhhh!"
Kaguya shouted with her face beet red, and immediately spread both her hands. The
chains from her neck and right hand *Clank**clank* rang and the surrounding
violent winds turned even stronger.
This time Yuzuru too, took a stance as if she was responding to that.
And then, both of them mixed their sights together without lowering their guard.
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
87 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
"Sink into the darkness! Haaaaa!"
"Charge. Eiyaaa-----"
Together with the loud shout of fighting spirit and the flat voice, both of them
kicked the ground exactly on the same time.
"Kuh…………"
Shidou gasped. They are probably helpless if they were to be dragged into a clash
of 2 spirits in such a close distance. Although Shidou might be able to heal his
wounds from the Reiryoku he took from Kotori but, it is not difficult to imagine
what would happen to Tohka that had lost her consciousness.
Even when he was in a hurry, the both of them were approaching closer to Shidou's
eye range at a tremendous speed.
There was no time to casually think of anything. Shidou took a good and big breath.
And then-----
"STOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOPPPPPPPPPPPPPP"
""……….!?""
Because of Shidou's loud shouting, both of them halted on the spot.
"What, was that voice just now……………eeerrrr, yes, it is somewhat similar to the
grief of the dead echoing down from the bottom of the Cocytus……………"
"Report. Kaguya, please look at that"
Yuzuru pointed at Shidou, and Kaguya distorted her eyebrows. It would seem that,
they really did not realize Shidou and Tohka‘s existence until just now.
"A human……….you say? Impossible. For someone to be stepping foot into our
battlefield, who are you?"
"Admiration. Yuzuru can't suppress her surprise"
She said that, and poured her suspicious sights towards Shidou.
"Ah, No……….."
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
88 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Shidou turned flustered and moved one step back.
Nonetheless he did manage to stop the two of them from clashing but, as
compensation, he had gained attention.
He swallowed down his saliva while, getting glared at with 2 pairs of sharp eyes.
Although he had no other choice, it was a careless action. That's because, he had
purposely just called for the attention of (What's more, there is two of them) Spirits
while he had no idea what their character and personality were like. If the case turns
out that they are war-liking Spirits, then the situation had taken an incredibly bad
turn.
And, at that moment a static-like noise shook his right eardrum and following that,
he heard a sleepy voice coming from it.
"…………….Shin, can you hear me, Shin"
"! Reine-san!"
"…………..aah, looks like it finally connected. Where are you right now"
"Tha, that is"
Shidou lowered his voice while, explaining the situation in simple terms. -----------
he told her that, there are 2 Spirits, in front of him now.
"…………what did you say? Inside the wind there are-----Don't tell me"
"I,is there something you know about……..?"
And, as if to interrupt Shidou and Reine's conversation, Kaguya that was giving him
a sharp look opened her mouth.
"-----To enter and interfere with our sacred duel, you, what intentions do you have?
Based on your answer I will…………errrr, use Schatten Lanze and pierce through
you"
"Pointing out. The name is different from just now"
"Wha, whatever! Yuzuru you just keep quiet!"
"Question. Yuzuru does not understand why she has to keep quiet"
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
89 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
When Yuzuru said it with a refreshing face, *Growl* Like a flesh-eating animal
Kaguya…………made that sound with her throat.
Shidou has a lot of things that was bothering him but, he repeated the improper
word that was bothering him the most.
"Du,duel………..?"
He asked, and Kaguya eyes turned sharp.
"That is correct. How dare you just interrupt our scared duel that will determine our
fate. What are you going to do to take responsibility for this?"
"Restraint. Kaguya, it is a threat if you put it that way"
"Shut up! And when I thought it would go well this time……………….."
"Confirmation. Did you say something"
"No,nothing!"
Kaguya *Fuun* exhaled her breath, and looked away from Yuzuru.
"Anyway, if this keeps up I can't settle my mind down. What am I going to do with
this unhap--------"
But, as if Kaguya thought of something good, she opened her eyes wide.
"! Aah I see, if it's like that then………….."
She then once again faced towards Yuzuru, and if she was slowly evaluating her, she
crawled her sights from the top of Yuzuru's head to the tip of her toes.
"Question. Is there something, Kaguya?"
"Kuku………….I thought of a good method, Oh Yuzuru. Both of us have done many
types of battles. That is to the extent, where I could no longer think of any other
events we can compete with"
And it was as if she was performing in an opera show, Kaguya made exaggerated
gestures while continuing talking.
"But………….don't you think we have one more match that we have not decided
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
90 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
who the victor of it is?"
"Question. What is the match that we have not determined who the victor is yet?"
Yuzuru tilted her head, and Kaguya *kukuku*leaked out a chuckle before looking at
Shidou.
"heh…………?"
Wondering why---------Shidou felt a rather cold feeling, coming from that
expression.
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
91 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
92 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 4
In the middle of moving, suddenly a violently strong wind blew, in an instant the
scale of it increased, and it turned into a storm.
Since it has come to that condition, they no longer had the leisure to walk around
nonchalantly. Every student from the Raizen 2nd years, following the teacher's
instructions, they were evacuated to the museum which was the nearest place from
the airport. ---------but.
"Shidou………."
Towards the strong storm that was creaking the bulky glass window, Origami was
clenching her fist while letting out her voice.
Inside, the number of students that were evacuated inside of the building, Shidou's
(and one ground beetle) figure was not in it. They must have gotten separated along
the way, and unmistakably was left outside.
Naturally she tried to rush outside to search for Shidou but, at the very last minute
she was stopped by the teachers.
No-------if by any chance she had gone outside, she could not even advance forward
inside this storm.
"Kuh……………"
Right now, the only thing Origami could do was to pray for Shidou's safety. The
feeling of being powerless turned into the sense of impatience and was circling
inside her body.
"……………oi, doesn't the sky somehow, look clear now?"
And, a male student that was close to a window, unexpectedly let out those words.
The bustling students then gathered towards the window, and started looking at the
sky.
When Origami raised her face as if she was flicked away from that voice, she
weaves through the crowd of students and ran towards the museum entrance.
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
93 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
"Ah………! To,Tobiichi-san! It's still dangerous!"
Origami shook of Tamae's restraint, and opened the door. And just like that when
she was about --------to go outside.
"……………..?"
Origami unexpectedly stopped her legs.
In front of the museum, the figure of the person Origami wanted to search for was
already there.
"O, ou…………Origami"
Seeming to have realized Origami was there, Shidou opened his mouth. Probably
because of the wind, his hair and clothes was in disordered but, luckily, there were
no places injured.
But Origami, instead of being relieved she frowned her eyebrows, and sharpened
her sights.
Shidou's condition is weird…………..rather than that, it was more to Shidou having
weird options following him.
The first thing was Tohka that Shidou was carrying on his back. It would seem that
she had lost consciousness.
Well, this was okay. No, it isn't okay but, it was not the situation where Origami
cannot predict the reason.
The problem was-----
"How about it Shidou. Instead of that Yuzuru I am more charming right? If you were
to choose me, I would not mind letting you make the kiss of contract on any parts on
my body?"
"Seducing. Please choose Yuzuru. I will do something good for you. It is a very
amazing thing. Kaguya's is not even close to it"
From his left and right, there were two girls with the same face in uniform standing
there, for some reason they were over-familiarly touching Shidou's body, and were
excessively trying to seduce him.
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
94 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
When Shidou was feeling despair, his body was then bathed with stares from the
other students; he then remembered the incident that happened around 10 minutes
ago.
Inside the area covered with a hurricane, the thing that Kaguya said out with a
fearless smile was------these contents.
"------The thing that we have yet to determine who the victor. Namely that is……….
[Charm]!"
While suddenly making a cool pose, Kaguya declared that loudly.
"In Yamai the real Spirit and the child of hurricanes, does not only have power and
intelligence but also has, loveliness and beauty enough to make the creator of the
universe jealous, don't you think that is necessary?"
"Pondering. ………………………………"
Few seconds of keeping silent, Yuzuru also, crawled her sights at Kaguya. From the
top of her head to the tip of her toe, as if she was evaluating her, she slowly looked.
And after doing that, Fumu, she nodded.
"Reply. I see, is what I would answer. It is certain, that we have not compete with
each other regarding this yet"
"Kuku…………am I right. But that is only normal. The number of people that has
force their way into our conflict is non-existent--------that's because there wasn't
supposed to be an appearance of a 3rd person that we have to entrust the decisions
of the conflict to. -------but, right now"
While leaking out a low chuckle *Point*! ,Kaguya pointed her fingers towards
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
95 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Shidou.
"------You, what's your name"
"Eh? I-Itsuka………Shidou"
"Shidou. Fumu. A frail name suitable for the sacrifice. Very well then. Right now
you, will be left with the role of being the judge"
"Huh……………? Eh, no………………."
He could not grasp the meaning she said, his eyes turned to dots.
But to Kaguya, she seems to not care about Shidou's will in this matter. She raised
her chin as if to laugh it off and continued on with a provocative tone.
"How about it Yuzuru. This match, do you have the courage to accept it? Kuku, well,
I can already see who the victor is, if I was to use my charms that are able to force
the creator of the universe into submission. If you were to coil your tails now, you
will not receive the vilifications of a coward"
"Negative. That kind of thing is impossible. There is no reason Kaguya can win.
Yuzuru was always the one more charming. All men would easily be beaten hands
down"
"Kuku, only your high spirits are full-fledged"
"Declaration. Yuzuru is the one cuter. Honestly speaking, Kaguya's worth is only the
upper part of her lower half"
"Wha, WHAT THE HELL DID YOU SAY, YOU BASTAARRDDDDDDDDDDDD?!"
In that moment Kaguya threw her winning state into the lapse of her memory, and
shouted with a seriously threatening attitude.
Incidentally although Shidou has his own opinions but, Kaguya was quite beautiful.
If she is worth only the upper part of her lower half, then it would probably means
that the females of this world are compelled to enter a tough fight.
"Isn't your face the same as mine! Why are our evaluations so different?!"
"Pity. Only facial features are not enough to determine a person's charm. Even if the
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
96 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
materials are the same, the ambiance seeping out from us is too different. But do not
worry. In the ugly world you are quite high-ranked"
"What ugly world?! Isn't your attitude the ugly one for saying that with a calm
manner?!"
"Reconsideration. I have forgotten that reality does not necessarily become the truth
for the person in concern"
"THAT ISN'T THE TRUUUUUUUTTTTHHHHHHH!"
When Kaguya was about to scratch her head in mess, she remembered Shidou's
existence. She immediately swung her shoulders and *Kohon* coughed.
"An,anyways! If you were able to say that much then I have no objections!"
Kaguya pointed her finger at Yuzuru.
"-----this is the last duel! The one, who wins this match, will absorb the opponent
and become the real Yamai! The rule for the match is simple and clear! This man----
----Shidou, the first one that makes him fall wins!"
"Agreement. ------that match, I will gladly accept it"
"Wai, WAIT A MINUUUUTTEEEEE!"
………and thus, coming to the present.
He consulted Reine at that spot, since it was dangerous to flat out refuse their
demands it turned into the reason where he had to bring them here
but…………….the stares coming from his school friends hurts as expected.
"I,Itsuka-kun ? Who are those girls in the left and right? I have not seen them
before……………"
"Eh? Hitting on the local girls and cosplay? Itsuka were you walking around while
holding onto girl uniforms?"
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
97 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
"I thought of a good part-time job Itsuka. Marching in the school while holding a
signboard with [1 minute 1000 yen Punch all you want] written on it. We definitely
will get enough people to build a house"
*Noisy**noisy**noisy*. The students were making a commotion. That was
probably normal. That's because, the supposedly lost Shidou, came with two
unfamiliar girls with him while they were serving him.
Incidentally by following Reine instructions, he made both of them release their
AstralDress, and had them both wear Raizen high school's Summer uniform. Just
like that time with Tohka, he had them create the clothes by gathering the
information from sight.
Even though he was in an emergency situation but, if he were to continue to let them
wear the AstralDress that looked like a restraining outfit, there might be a chance
that Shidou might be misunderstood as someone who holds a special fetish.
And, Origami that was standing in front of everyone else from the class, after
looking at Kaguya and Yuzuru, she quietly opened her mouth.
"Shidou, who are they?"
"Errrrrr about that……………"
While averting his line of sight away Shidou let out his voice awkwardly. He was
able to self-consciously admit that there were cold sweats floating closely on his
face.
But, at that moment as if to take control of the commotion, coming from behind a
sleepy voice echoed across.
"…………..aah, I was waiting. It's the transfer students Yamai Kaguya and Yamai
Yuzuru……………..right?"
Over there was the vice homeroom teacher of 2nd year group 4, Murasame Reine,
she was standing there while wobbling her head.
"Transfer student?"
When Origami asked a question, Reine [ahh] consented.
"…………….originally they were supposed to transfer in at the end of the holidays
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
98 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
but………….since they said they wanted to attend the school trip, it was planned for
them to join up with us when we reached the area. I contacted them when we reached
the airport just now, so I had him go pick them up"
From hearing Reine words, standing beside her Tamae blankly stared into wonder.
"Eh? Tra,transfer student? Murasame-sensei, I didn't hear any of that…………."
"……………..since it was on short notice, they were probably too late to contact you
about this case"
"Ha, haaa…………."
While making a bewildered face, Tamae withdrew. Well, if Reine, the vice
homeroom teacher, was informed about the transfer student instead of the
homeroom teacher herself, then such a face was not strange.
After Origami looked at Reine with a doubtful eye, she returned her sights back
towards Shidou.
"Really?"
"I, It's true…………."
He replied back with a nervous voice. And, as if to match with that, Kaguya and
Yuzuru that were sticking onto both of Shidou's side nodded.
"Kuku………….it's exactly true. Human, think of it as a privilege to welcome the
child of the hurricanes which is I"
"Affirmative. There is no mistake of what he said"
Just in case, as long as they are here, with the condition that Shidou would be the
judge for their duel, he told them to match their speech together when it was needed.
"…………………….."
Origami was still in the state that she did not understand the situation but, since both
the teacher and the people in concern were agreeing, she probably decided that it
was no use to say anything. She made a small sigh and [I see] said that.
But once again, Origami sharpened her sights while opening her mouth.
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
99 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
"…………then, why are both of you sticking yourself onto Shidou?"
"Ahh, that is"
"Reply. That is"
"Lo, look! Since it was a strong wind, they did it so they would not get blown away!"
As if to cover Kaguya and Yuzuru answer towards Origami's question, Shidou
raised a loud voice.
If they were to say something untactful here, the false information they gave with
great trouble will lose its meaning. In order for the answer to successfully work, he
continued to talk.
"In,instead of that, Sensei, Tohka got hit on the head by a flying garbage bin and is
now stretched out. Is there a place where I can let her sleep?"
"……………..ooh I see, that is a big problem. Come over here. The transfer student
too, there are some important things I have to explain to both of you. Please follow
us"
Reine said that like she was reading in monotone and as if to call Shidou and the
others to her she beckoned them to come over.
Shidou was gathering stares from the surroundings while, walking into the deeper
part of the museum following Reine.
Guided by Reine, Shidou that has entered the office located deeper in the museum,
after laying Tohka down on the sofa he lowered his heads towards Reine.
"I'm sorry, having you help me like that"
"……………no, don't worry about it. Instead------"
She said that, Reine looked at Shidou----to be accurate, she brought her eyes
towards the two girls that were coiling themselves onto both his arms.
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
100 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
They separated themselves once when Shidou was dropping Tohka off, but they
stuck themselves onto him once again.
And in the state where they did not bother about the change of the environment they
are in, they started whispering to Shidou.
"Well Shidou. All you have to do is to choose me. Swearing your loyalty to this
Yamai Kaguya, that body, and even that heart it will all be okay if you say that you
will give me all of the above"
"Negative. Nothing good will come if you choose Kaguya. By all means give
Yuzuru a clear vote"
As if they don't have Reine and Tohka in their eyes, both of them were blowing their
breaths at Shidou's ears. And each time, cold sweat would flow down Shidou's face
and he would twist his body.
"……………….looks like it turned into a something troublesome"
"……………….yes"
He said it with a heavy voice and nodded. Reine then scratched her cheeks.
"Kuku……………rather this is beneficial to you right? A human like you, although
it is only for a while but you are getting affection from me. Go ahead and cry at
your good fortune, there is necessity to weep"
"Skeptical. If it's Yuzuru I can still understand but, are there guys that would be
happy if they are advanced from Kaguya?"
"Fu, fun…………… it's useless no matter how many times you try to provoke me
like this. All of it will be clear when you see the conclusion of the duel. Well Shidou,
its okay to say it. Me or Yuzuru, which of one of us is charming as a woman?"
"Question. Yuzuru or the spoiled Kaguya. Which one of us is cuter?"
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
101 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
102 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
"Wait, what is up with that weird sense of insult!"
"Ignore. Instead of the cry-baby Kaguya, Yuzuru is much better"
"Are you somehow making it worse!?"
While quarreling, Kaguya and Yuzuru were getting closer to Shidou. As if trying to
calm both of them down Shidou *MaaMaa* swing his hands while saying that.
"Wai,wait for a second. The two of you have been saying 'duel, duel' for awhile
now………………..why are both of you fighting in the first place anyway?"
"…………hmm? Aah-------"
When Shidou asked, Kaguya exaggeratedly raised her chin up.
"Didn't I tell you? ----------both of us, were originally one Spirit called Yamai"
"Consent. However, coming to this worlds several times, made Yamai split into two"
"Into two…………so, how did something like that…………."
He raised his eyebrows while looking at the both of them alternately. Other than the
difference of hairstyle and facial expression, both of them had very similar features.
They were so similar that, rather than calling them twins, calling them clones might
also sound believable.
"Wh, why did something like that happen?"
"The only one that knows about this is the goddess of fate that sits in the heavens.
Fuun, that ill-natured goddess probably tormented us because of her boredom and
fatigue. Occasionally, there are times she uses unsystematic dices to make decisions
and ignores following truth and reasons"
"heh……………..?"
"Summary. I'm not exactly sure, is what Kaguya is saying"
"Aah……….I see"
"There are no feelings in that"
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
103 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
When Shidou nodded from hearing Yuzuru's explanation which finally led him to an
understanding, Kaguya raised her voice in dissatisfaction.
To return back to her normal state she *Kohon* coughed, and continue on with the
explanation.
"And thus both of us that were separated into two came to seeing each other's face,
and in our body, we came to a realization that our mission and fate was carved into
our blood. Yes--------we came to understanding that there could only be one true
Spirit the Yamai!"
"Explanation. We understood that Yuzuru and Kaguya that were separated into two,
would eventually join back into one"
"I understand, so…………."
"Supplement. [We knew it] is probably the better way to put it. Yuzuru and Kaguya,
the instant our existence was split into two, we came to understand what will happen
to our own body"
After Yuzuru pointed her finger at her head, she continued.
"Explanation. However, the original Yamai has already lost her personality. Which
means when the occasion comes, either one of us will become the main personality
for Yamai"
"Uh, so that's why………….the duel"
Both of them nodded at the same time. Shidou let sweat ooze down his cheek while
letting out his voice.
"In other words, that storm was caused by you two fighting…………….?"
When he asked, Kaguya proudly folded her arms.
"That would be the case. ------Our competition has been going on for a long time.
Yes, in the current stage 99 battles have passed"
"99 battles……………Were you two fighting that many times!?"
"Correction. Even if we said battles, it does not actually mean that we are doing fist
fights all the time. Sprinting, Gendama, eating contest, etc, there were many-types of
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
104 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
method for our matches"
"……………………"
They were somehow, peaceful matches.
No, if these two were to do a sprinting contest, serious damage might appear in the
surroundings.
"By the way, the battle results are 25 wins 25 lose and 49 draws. The winner for this
100th duel was supposed to become the real Yamai.------although that was the case"
Kaguya gave a glare, and Shidou shorten his words. 'I see', Shidou seemed to have
interrupted their important final duel.
But, he had no other choice even if he was told about something like that. If Shidou
had not stopped the both of them at that time, he had no idea what would happen to
Tohka.
When Shidou kept silent, Kaguya and Yuzuru entwine their arms onto Shidou's once
more.
"Fu…………it's okay to no longer bother about that. I should be thankful to you
instead. Because of you, we were able to do a battle that we have not done before"
"Positive. It's true that Yuzuru thinks that our final battle to be a fist fight which
always ends with a draw is a problem. Yuzuru has no objections if this is the match"
They said that, and as if to seduce Shidou both of them continued entwining their
arms with Shidou's.
"N,no, even if you tell me something like that………….."
Shidou felt his face getting hotter while, as if wanting help he sent his sights towards
Reine.
But the requested Reine was sitting on a chair while operating a small terminal, she
made a difficult *Fumu* and groaned.
"……………….as expected, it is no use"
"Wha, what is no use?"
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
105 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
When Shidou asked, Reine made a small nod before turning her face to him.
"………………..aah, communications from <Fraxinus> has been stopped"
"Eh? Wh,why again………………."
"………….the current reason is unidentified. I will try investigating a bit"
After saying that, Reine closed the terminal and stood up from the chair.
And after giving a good glance at Kaguya and Yuzuru who were attached to Shidou,
she quietly moved her lips.
"…………………you said you were, Kaguya and Yuzuru right? Both of you, in
order to become the real Spirit Yamai, are now competing for Shidou as a match.
…………..there is no mistake in that?"
When Reine said that, Kaguya and Yuzuru turned their eyes towards Reine for the
first time.
"Aah, that is exactly right. I don't mind if you're sightseeing but, if you try to be a
hindrance then I will not hold back you know?"
"Question. You are?"
"………………A school teacher"
After Reine replied with a random lie, *Turn around* she turned to her back.
"……………….Shin, you take care of Tohka. -------Kaguya, Yuzuru. There is a little
talk I want to do with you two. Please follow me"
"Uh, Reine-san"
It's dangerous, he sent his sights towards Reine filled with that kind of intentions.
Even as a joke, these two are Spirits.
However Reine, no worries needed, as if to say that she raised her hands.
"kuku………………and when I thought what you were going to say. Why does
someone like me, have to take orders from a mere human"
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
106 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
"Reject. Yuzuru wants to stay with Shidou"
But, both of them stubbornly refused to move. However Reine shrugged her
shoulders as if this was within her expectations, and talked as if to make them
believe.
"……………unlike his appearance, Shin is thick-headed. Hearing your
conversations I think this has no disadvantages to you two"
"What………………?"
"………………judging by his reactions it is clear right? From my eyes, you two are
very charming and cute girls. But even so, he still does not choose any one of you"
""………………………""
Kaguya and Yuzuru, stared into wonder and looked at each other faces.
"…………………what will you do now? From my standpoint, I don't mind whether
if it is from one of you two"
She said that, and opened the office door.
When both of them looked at each other once again, they reluctantly separated their
hand from Shidou, and followed Reine.
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
107 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
108 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Chapter 3: Double Approach
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
109 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
110 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 1
Time had passed, and it was now 18:50.
As expected even the sun had fallen, and the heat and humidity oppressing the day
time had got a little better. And as if to match with that, the voice of the cicada
echoing in the afternoon immediately switched to crickets.
Later the group that moved to the hotel after waiting for Tohka to wake up, brought
their luggage to their own respective rooms, and finished off their dinner before
enjoying their free time.
Yes------everyone but Shidou that is.
"Haa…………why do things have to turn out like this again………………"
Shidou placed his hands on the hotel corridor wall while walking tiredly.
That was only normal. That's because 2 unsealed Spirits had appeared and both
entangled themselves with Shidou. And what's more, it was accompanied by the
condition where not even a single person has evacuated.
Kaguya and Yuzuru, both of them became surprisingly obedient after receiving
some kind of explanation from Reine in the museum but………………. that was not
enough to erase his anxiety.
"I have to somehow…………do something about this."
He made a sullen face while groaning, and continued dragging his legs forward.
Right now Shidou was heading towards Reine's room. He was going there to have a
discussion about the objectives from now on, he was told to meet her in her room
when he was about to exit the museum.
However, Shidou stopped his legs when he was about to reach a T-junction.
………….Two heads were coming out of the corner of both sides of the road that
was separated into two and they were firmly sending their gazes towards Shidou.
Immediately, he noticed those living things. After Shidou nervously swallowed his
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
111 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
saliva, he opened his lips.
"Wha, what are you doing, Kaguya, Yuzuru?"
When Shidou said that, both of them walked out from the deepest part of the road.
"Kuku………not bad for noticing my presence. Or should I say it is to be expected
from you."
"Pointing out. It's only because the one hiding was bad."
"………….! I,I don't want to be told that by Yuzuru! I was hiding better than you!"
"Objection. There is no reason that Kaguya can hide better than Yuzuru."
……………both of them were obvious from Shidou's perspective but, he refrained
from saying it.
"So the both of you, what were you two doing?"
When Shidou asked, both of them looked at each other for an instant before looking
back at Shidou.
"Fu…………let me tell you. You may follow me."
"Guarantee. Please come this way."
And at exact same time both of them pulled Shidou's arms respectively.
"Wha, what's going on, seriously?"
While looking left and right with a perplexed feeling, Shidou was being dragged----
-------before long, they reached a certain place.
There were two blue and red flags hanging together next to each other at the
entrance, and the words [Male] and [Female] were written on them respectively .
It was the entrance to the hotel's famous outdoor bath.
"………The baths?"
When Shidou tilted his head, Kaguya exaggeratedly nodded.
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
112 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
"Kuku……………the impure darkness has accumulated too much on your body. I
permit you to purify that body"
"Huh?"
"Translation. Please go in the baths and wash away your sweat, was what she was
saying."
"aah………so that's what it means. But, the bath time is a little later right. I also
haven't prepared any change of clothes or towels yet. And what's more, there is a
place I have to go right now……………"
When he said that and about to turn behind, both of his arms were grabbed even
tighter.
"Ouch ouch…………wha, what was that for?"
"Did you think someone like you has the right to choose? Stop grumbling about
trivial matters and purify those impurities"
"Appeal. Please go ahead. The preparations for bathing are all assembled here."
Yuzuru lowered her sights downward. And there were bath towels, towel and a
yukata folded there.
"Wh, why do you have to go that far……………what on earth are you two
planning?"
"Fu…………there is no way my noble and mysterious thoughts, could be
understood and grasped by an ordinary person."
"Proposal. Something like a big bath-house with no people in it is a nice thing."
"………………………"
After Shidou alternated between looking at the two of them with doubtful eyes,
*Haaa* he made a big sigh.
It was not like Reine had set a strict specific time, there was a chance that the both of
them would start acting violently if he were to refuse their instructions now.
"………………I understand. Then I will let myself go on in first."
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
113 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
"Kuku………….as long as you understand."
"Praise. Yuzuru respects Shidou's decision."
Although he had not a single clue about what these two's intentions were but, well it
was true that he wanted to go to the baths and have his fatigue and sweat washed
away. He grabbed the towels and such that were prepared, and entered the male
baths.
At that moment when he took a glance behind, for some reason, Kaguya's cheek was
red as if she was a little shy and Yuzuru was placing her hands towards her mouth.
While feeling suspicious towards their behavior, Shidou took off his clothes in the
undressing room; he then carried a towel in one hand and pulled open the sliding
door that had been fogged up by steam.
"Oooh………..this is amazing."
And thus, he unintentionally leaked out admiration towards the scenery that was
expanding in front of his eyes.
At the gigantic bathtub formed by stones, it was filled with slightly brown hot water
and thick steam was floating out of it. Furthermore, the sea was just a little further
ahead, the bathtub and the soft sound of ripples echoed.
Due to it still not being bath time, there were no people other than Shidou. I see, this
might the best location according to what Yuzuru said.
Shidou quickly washed his head and body, placed the towel on his head and sunk his
body into the hot water.
"aah-------"
And thus, he leaked out such a voice that stinks of the elderly. When he extended
both his legs and hands, he spread his whole body into the slightly hot water.
And, it was at that time. The sound *Roll* appeared and the sliding door for the bath
house opened.
He brought his eyes towards the entrance wondering if someone entered------Shidou
stiffened up in the water.
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
114 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
"Wha……………"
That was probably a normal reaction. That's because, Kaguya and Yuzuru whom he
had separated from just now in the corridor, were now standing there with one bath
towel wrapped around their body.
"Yo, you girls what the hell are you doingggggggggg! This is the male baths you
know!?"
Unable to hold back Shidou shouted, just like that both of them dipped their feet into
the bathtub and walked beside Shidou.
Because of the steam the thin bath towel stuck onto their skin, and both of their body
silhouettes distinctively came outwards. When Shidou face turned red
unintentionally, he sunk his face even deeper into the water.
Seeing Shidou's reaction, Kaguya folded her arms while blushing.
"Ku,kukuku……………ho, how about it. As expected even you have no choice but
to grovel upon my charm."
Hearing those words, Yuzuru stood in a manner as if confronting Kaguya *Fusu*---
, leaked out a breath.
"Sneer. Charm (laugh). That's the first time Yuzuru heard Kaguya possessed
something like that."
"……………fuun, I will immediately make that face of yours cry. By making that
Shidou over there fall for my charm!"
"Challenge accepted. Yuzuru will take it on."
After saying that, both of them slowly bent their legs, and enter the bathtub as if to
squeeze Shidou.
"……………!?"
Originally wearing a bath towel while entering the baths was a violation of manners
but, there was no way he could point something like that out.
Shidou's stiffened up his body nervously, and instinctively closed his eyes.
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
115 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
"Kuku……………it's okay to resolute yourself Shidou. Allow me to make that body
of yours unable to be satisfied unless it's me."
"Objection. Yuzuru will have Shidou become the victim of my body."
"Wha, what are you………………."
Hearing both of them Shidou's body stiffened up even harder. Aah, I wonder what
kind of amazing things they will do to me. Being captured by the little anticipation
from an unknown fear, his mind was spinning.
However.
"……….hmm?"
Nothing happened, even after a while passed. Shidou slowly opened his eyes.
The both of them were positioning themselves on Shidou's left and right side, and
were only mixing their sights as if they were provoking one another.
"fu………, Oh kind Yuzuru, I allow you to go first."
"Objection. It's unnecessary. Rather Kaguya is the one that needs a handicap. I will at
least give you the right to start first."
"Kaka, you're someone that doesn't get it. Shidou eyes will be nailed onto me the
moment I lay my hands on him. How about trying to understand my concerns to
allow you to make a moment for yourself?"
"Doubt. In reality you have no idea what would be a good thing to do right?"
When Yuzuru said that, *Twitch* Kaguya's shoulder twitched.
"Th, there's no way that's true! I'm very ero ero! Wha, what are you saying! I have
many adult techniques that someone like you could never think of!"
"Suspicious. Well, then please show it to me."
"Wha……………ah, fu, fuun! Alright, watch carefully!"
When Kaguya stood up from her spot, while looking at Shidou's direction, she
placed her right hand on her head and placed her left hand on her hip and,…
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
116 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
"………………u,ufuu~n"
She took such a pose that even out-dated gravure models would not.
At that moment, Yuzuru placed her hands on her mouth and, * Puuukusukusu*
leaked out a breath.
"errrrr…………………"
Shidou scratched his cheeks not knowing what is a good thing he should be saying.
…………no, it was not like it wasn't sexy. The wet bath towel sticking onto Kaguya's
skin was certainly sexy.
However…………. compared to before, an unbearable feeling was filling Shidou's
heart.
Looking at these two reactions, Kaguya's face dyed red and once again dived into
the bathtub.
"Th, the two of you together, What's wrong!"
"Sneer. As expected from Kaguya's charm (Laugh) it's different."
"Wha, what did you say!? kuh, I mean isn't that it? And what about you, in reality
aren't you the one that has no idea what to do!"
Kaguya pointed her fingers while saying that. When she did that, Yuzuru *twitched*
made the edge of her eyebrows move.
"……………… Objection. There is no way such a thing is true."
"Haa, I wonder! Then how about doing it now and showing me!"
"Acknowledged. …………as you wish."
When Yuzuru said that she turned around and faced Shidou,…
"Bewitch. Chuuu."
And, she blew a flying kiss with the posture of an olden time idol.
"………….ah, un"
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
117 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
And again, while wondering how to give a proper reaction, Shidou let sweat ooze
out of his forehead while making a wry smile.
Seeing that pose, Kaguya held her stomach under her arms and laughed out.
"Kyahahahahahahaha! What is that, whaaat is that! Were you seriously planning to
bewitch him with that?"
"Disappointed. I do not want to be told that by Kaguya."
"Haan, that goes for you too!"
"Objection. With Kaguya's child-like figure, something like seduction is not
possible in the first place."
"………….! Yo, yours isn't that much of a difference from mine!"
"Objection. Even if it close by a narrow margin from using arithmetic's, the
massaging feeling is different."
"Ku, kuku………………looks like you don't understand the charm of a slender
body."
"Sneer. Slender (laugh). Reality won't change no matter how much you sugarcoat it."
"fu, fuun……………! An object like that is nothing but a mass of fat after all!"
"Resentment. Yuzuru cannot pretend to not hear that. I treat that as Kaguya's
jealousy."
"Don't treat that like jealousy! I'm not envious or anything! It's obvious that Shidou
thinks I'm the much cuter one compared to the fatty Yuzuru!"
"Objection. It is a fatal handicap for a woman to have no breasts when they are
trying to appeal to a male. A chicken bone like Kaguya would not be accompanied."
"Wh, WHO THE HELL IS A CHICKEN BONE!"
"Challenge accepted. Who is a fatty?"
"What's wrong, despite having more split ends than me! Hoo-ra~ Shidou, you don't
like a woman like that right!"
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
118 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
"Pointing out. Kaguya is the one that smells more like sweat compared to Yuzuru.
You fall behind in charm as a woman."
"Wh ,What the hell!? Even you have higher fat percentage than me!"
"Pity. In the end Yuzuru now knows pity towards Kaguya who only knows how to
point that out."
"Shut up! Look! Puyo Puyoo! Puyo Puyoo![5C 1]"
"Return fire. Peta Petaa! Peta Petaa![5C 2]"
The both of them started quarreling. And----
"………….!?"
Shidou twitched his shoulders. The sliding door made a sound once again; it was
probably someone else coming it.
"O,oi……………somebody entered. Shouldn't you two hide?"
This was the male baths. And naturally, the new intruder would obviously be a male
student.
But Kaguya and Yuzuru said it in a calm and relaxed manner.
"Kuku……………what are you saying, Shidou?"
"Objection. There is no problem. There is no need to worry"
"huh…………?"
Not understanding what these two meant, Shidou tilted his head. And,
"Toryaa-------"
With a very energetic voice, the new bathing guest energetically jumped into the
bathtub.
And then Shidou, who had entered the baths earlier saw that person.
It was a dignified voice tone which he has memories of. Night colored long hair.
Painted by a beautiful curvy body line, that could not possibly be thought to belong
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
119 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
to a male. Yes, that figure was----
Belonged to none other than Yatogami Tohka.
"Hm?"
And at that moment, Tohka also seem to have noticed the previous guest. She then
looked at Shidou blankly.
"……………………."
"……………………."
And thus.
"Gyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!?"
"Gyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!?"
Both of their faces met, and at an exact timing both of them raised a scream.
Tohka moved her hands hastily in panic, and immediately covered her chest and
lower parts.
"Wh,whwhwhwhwhwhwhwhwhwh what are you doing here Shidou!"
"N,nononono why did you enter here! This is the male baths!"
"What are you saying! I followed exactly what everyone taught me, and entered the
red one!"
"Huh……!?"
At that instant Shidou body suddenly twitched. A cold chill passed through his spine.
"Don't tell me, you girls……………!"
When he said that and brought his eyes to his left and right side, Kaguya and Yuzuru
replied back blankly.
"Umu, I switched the entrance flag just before Shidou entered. As expected from me.
I'm such a tactician."
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
120 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
"Question. Is there by any chance, a problem?"
"Y.o.u giiiirrllllllllsss……………!"
Shidou's voice was filled with resentment and he glared at the both of them.
He was almost close to bearing a grudge but now was not the time for that. He
turned around to face Tohka and lowered his head with vigor as if he was dipping
his face into the bathtub.
"Tohka, believe me. I swear I didn't plan to do something like this!"
"O,oo…………"
While Shidou was desperately trying to appealing to her, Tohka made a confused
face.
"Th,then what are you doing here in a place like this……………."
"I got tricked! Sorry, I'll immediately get out now…………!"
"Ah………….Shidou!"
When Shidou was about to get out of the bathtub while trying his best not to look at
Tohka's body, Tohka unexpectedly grabbed his hands. It was like; she was trying to
restrain Shidou.
"Wha, what's wrong Tohka"
"No………….that way, is a bad idea I think."
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
121 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
122 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
"heh?"
The same time Shidou's eyes turned to dots, the sliding door again opened, and the
group of girls entered.
"Wha-------"
He quickly sank back into the bathtub in panic, and hid behind the shade of the rocks.
If this was pondered carefully, this was a normal occurrence. It became bath time
and Tohka had entered the bath which means, the other girls would all come in to
the bath at the same time.
"Yaa---, isn't this wideee~! The sea is just right theree~~!"
"Ah, transfer student-san, both of you already entered. So fast~~"
"Are, Tobiichi-san aren't you going into the baths?"
"-----there is, something I have to do no matter what."
"I, I see……….good luck."
He heard the high-pitch voices of the girls. It was probably only a matter of time
before he would be found.
"Thi,thithithithi this is bad……………! wha,what am I going to do …………!"
From a pinch that he never experience before, Shidou held his head between his
hands and made his eyes swim around.
If by any chance he were to be found hiding there, he would most probably be
ganged up and beaten.
No, if that happens it would still be okay. Being pasted with the label of a sex
offender that will never disappear in a lifetime, there is no mistake that he has to live
his remaining school life, being told it was a mistake of his youth or labeled as a
pervert or even being called the incarnation of sexual desire. Rather than that, in a
worst case scenario there might be a chance this event would involve the police---
And, while Shidou was trembling, Tohka was moving around as if she was hiding
Shidou.
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
123 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
"To,Tohka…………?"
"It's not like its Shidou's fault right……….? Then, hurry up and run away using my
shadow to hide."
"………………! So,sorry. I owe you one……….!"
Luckily, thanks to the steam of the reddish brown water, it became harder to look at
Shidou's figure. With Tohka acting as a wall, there might be a chance to escape
outside of the girl's baths.
"Okay…………. let's go then."
"O, ou………………"
He nodded at Tohka's voice. When he did that, while being submerged in the
bathtub, Tohka began walking like a crab.
While hiding behind her back, he continued advancing beneath the water. ----------
However,
"Ah, Tohka-chan spotted~!"
"What's wrong? Why are you at the edge?"
"More importantly uwaah, your skin is so pretty. You bastard let me massage it!"
In front of Tohka, the Ai Mai Mii trio appeared. Inside Shidou's head, the BGM of
encountering an enemy in a RPG rang and echoed.
"Hi………"
"N,no, nothing is wrong! Don't worry about it!"
Even as Tohka said that, the Ai Mai Mii trio was totally interested in her. If this
keeps up, they might notice Shidou's figure hiding behind Tohka.
And, at that moment.
"Haaa……………! What is a giant wheat bread doing at a place like that!"
Tohka suddenly shouted, and pointed somewhere far. At that moment, the 3 of them
turned their attentions towards there.
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
124 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
"---------!"
Chance. When Shidou turned his body around, he dived into the sea from the edge
of the rocks.
At the same time, a few gentlemen were gathered in the corners of the male baths in
a circle. They were exchanging conversation with soft voices.
"Oi Tonomachi, it better be true right?"
Being asked a question from a classmate, Tonomachi's *Grin* corner of his lips
went up.
"Aah, there is no mistake. Although it is usually unnoticeable when someone enters
the bathhouse but, a part of the fence acting as a wall between the female and male
baths, has a doubtful gap opened in it"
""Ooo………!""
The comrades of battle that had the same motives raised their voice at the same time.
*Un**Un* after Tonomachi nodded, he suddenly held out his hand in the middle of
everyone. And naturally, everyone else's hands piled up on his.
"Have you all finished your preparations and resolution?!"
""Of course!""
"Understood! Then follow me! I will show you this world's paradise……….!"
""OOOOHH!""
Rough voices echoed around, and everyone raised their hands high.
After Tonomachi cast his eyes downwards as if to taste the lingering thin
intoxicating feeling, he then slowly walked. And thus he advanced towards the bath
house fence making as little sound as possible, until he reached the target point.
"Okay, now then………."
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
125 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
After Tonomachi looked at his comrades of war, everyone gave him a nod.
"You go first, Tonomachi."
"You gave all of us courage. You guided all of us."
"Burn the view properly, into your eyes and soul."
"You guys……………"
After Tonomachi energetically wiped away his tears using his arms, he replied back
by giving a big nod.
"Well then, let's go………….look closely at, my way of life!"
Tonomachi said that and stretch his back to make himself taller; he then peeked
inside the part of the fence which has a small gap opened on it.
And.
"……………………."
"……………………."
---He met an eye.
Looking over carefully to this side from the female side and belonging to Tobiichi
Origami.
"…………….So,sorry to have bothered you."
Tonomachi said it with a dry voice and returned his foot to its original place.
"………….Hm?"
Reine was operating the small terminal in her room, unexpectedly wrung her neck.
Coming from outside the door, *step**step* she heard the sound of footsteps.
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
126 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
And following with the thought of the sound stopping in front of the room,
*knock**knock* someone knocked on the door.
"……………Go on ahead."
When Reine said that, the door slowly opened, Shidou,wearing a single towel
wrapped around his hips entered the room. For some reason his whole body was
dripping wet, *clatter**clatter* and was trembling with his hands holding his
shoulders.
Looking at that state, Reine was immersed in thoughts for a few seconds before------
--*Pon* hitting her hand as if she got it.
"…………isn't it a little too early, for you to be doing a night visit?"
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
127 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
128 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 2
"Kuku…………you inferior humans. Think of it as a privilege to live in the same
room as me. It's alright to carve my name highly into your heart. The name of the
child of hurricanes, Yamai Kaguya."
The girl that had turned up in room number 40 which is the room Tohka and the
others was staying in, was sitting on top of the table and were arrogantly making a
greeting.
Although she was extremely rude but, probably because of Kaguya's high-pitched
voice and proud face, her unpleasantness was not that oppressive. She was giving
out a pleasant feeling like a little kid acting as their favorite character.
"Umu, let's be friends. Nice to meet you!"
*Yup**yup* Tohka nodded while folding her arms. And as if to match up with that,
the group members Ai, Mai, and Mii who were sitting beside her, all smiled.
In a hurry, when Reine said let this girl stay with all of you for one night, the three
of them were shocked but, basically since all of the members here like cute and fun
things, they immediately agreed to it. [Kyaaaa!] They made smiling faces as if make
it lively and started to poke Kaguya's cheeks or even patted her head.
"Iyaaa Moouu, Kaaawaaaaiiiiii. Sooo cutee!"
"Her hair's so silky. Her cheeks are so squishy."
"Do you like sweet things? Do you want to eat some Pokey?"
"St,stop, You bastards! You all are disrespectful! *munch**munch*……………"
Kaguya unbearably raised a shout. And by the way she was eating Pokey.
"Ah! Mii, I also want some Pokey!"
"Hai~ Hai~, it's alright Tohka-chan. ………………, ah , so sorry. The one I gave
Kaguya-chan just now was the last one. Do you want to eat YanYanTsukebou[5C
3]instead?"
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
129 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
"Wha………….what is that!?"
When Tohka was making a serious face and was taking a good look at the
cylindrical object handed to her, Ai Mai Mii threw another question at Kaguya.
"Ne?Ne--, so, where did Kaguya-chan come from?"
"It's kind of rare to be transferring schools at a time like this."
"Is Group 4 okay if you enter the new school term?"
Ai Mai Mii threw question after question in rapid succession. *Swish*and Kaguya
crossed her legs.
"Where………huh. Fuu, that's a good question. The place I came from is from the
summit of the heavens and also the bottom of the ground. It is in the farthest part of
the afterlife and just beside the edge of the present world. It is not in the realm of the
likes of you people to be able to understand with that category of thoughts."
"After-life………….present world……….?
Tohka tilted her head. However, she could understand that something amazing was
being said.
"Muu. I see, Kaguya is amazing to know so many hard words!"
"Kuku………….looks like you understands. I took a liking to you. What is your
name called?"
"Umu, its Yatogami Tohka."
"Tohka huh………………kuku, it's a nice name. Here, let me pat you."
For some reason Kaguya's mood lighten up, and *rub**rub* patted Tohka's head.
"Nu? What, what is it, its ticklish."
"You seem to be promising. By the darkness of baptism, I will add you into my
kinsman."
"Kinsman? What is that?"
"Kuku……………that is the allowable qualifications to be in the line of battle as I
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
130 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
am the general. It means that you are able to put your name into the list of the
world's greatest clan."
"OOu………….! Although I don't really get it but, are you willing to do something
that amazing for me!?"
For some reason, when Tohka said that honestly, Kaguya's finger trembled as if she
was overcome by emotion. Somehow, it was as if it was the first time she met
someone who understood her. Much like an inventor or an artist.
"Ou, of course! I will use my whole body and soul to protect you! Think of it as an
honor!"
"Umu, I feel honored!"
Looking at these two, Ai Mai Mii placed their hands on their cheeks and [Yaan~!]
raised their voices.
"Uwah I seriously can't take it anymore. Tohka-chan and Kaguya-chan are too cute."
"Wait, can I take one photo? Eye's over here please~"
"It makes you think that gender is only a trivial thing."
Saying that, for some reason they would twist their body, make poses with a digital
camera and even lick their lips while gazing towards them with sparkling eyes.
Kaguya frowned her eyebrows towards those gazes before her eyes stared into
wonder as if she realized something.
"You said you are called Tohka right. Don't tell me you…………………are that girl
that was bearing Shidou's back at that time?"
"? Did something happen to Shidou?"
When Tohka answered that, Kaguya squinted her eyes, pulled Tohka's hand and
walked to the corner of the room.
"Arere~, Kaguya-chan where are you going?"
"Right now, I am attempting to share very important information with my kinsman.
Due to the words having a curse that no normal human can bear, if heard by a
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
131 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
normal person's ear that ear will become sore and fall off. But if that is still okay
with you, you are allowed to listen"
"Ah, A secret talk. Ahaha, we wouldn't do anything like eavesdropping."
Aii said that while making a cheerful smile. However, Tohka did not bother with
that. While pushing her earlobes with both her hands, her body was trembling.
"e,ears will drop off…………?"
"Do not worry. It's is not a problem for me and my kinsman such as you, since we
hold mysterious powers inside us"
"I see……………a kinsman is something amazing."
When Tohka mumbled while making a quiet expression, Kaguya nodded satisfied
and asked her with the volume of her voice lowered.
"Tohka, you, look like you are close to Shidou."
"Nu? Umu, I know a lot if it is regarding Shidou."
"!, I see. Kuku………………if that is the case, there are some questions that I want to
ask you."
When Tohka said that, Kaguya stood her fingers straight and let out her questions.
"Appeal. I will be under your care for tonight, I am Yamai Yuzuru. Please to meet all
of you"
Saying that, the girl with the listless half-eye pressed three of her fingers in each
hand on the floor and lowered her head.
"N,no, it's okay even if you don't have to be that formal…………?"
Reacting to Yuzuru's unnecessary politeness, it seemed like everyone in room 42
was being polite back to her instead.
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
132 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Moving her hands in a panicked and un-calm manner, she made an awkward dry
smile.
Originally this group, having the center as the class's most quiet group members,
was composed of the remaining students that had failed to find a group. Since the
group members themselves did not have much conversation from the start, the
conversation did not advance any further than that.
"……………………"
However, Origami was not bothered by the awkward atmosphere at all. But rather
she was quiet as always, due to her usual habit of not making unnecessary
conversation , she seemed to have taken a liking to this group.
Sitting at the corner of the room, she was making regretful sighs while looking
outside the window.
The result of careful research beforehand, she had discovered a gap in a part of the
fence acting as a wall between the female and male baths but…………….she was
unable to find Shidou's figure anywhere.
And, she heard a member; probably unable to bear the silence, call out towards
Yuzuru.
"e,errrr…………doesn't your leg hurt? If it's okay with you, we have a zabuton[5C 4]
………………"
"Grateful. I will take you for your word."
She said it shortly, and Yuzuru walked towards the group members.
Because of that, the group finally exhaled in ease. The atmosphere of the room, turn
softer just by a little.
"I am sure you have a lot of problems because of the sudden transfer, just ask if you
have something you aren't sure about okay?"
"Many thanks. I am greatly obliged to your considerations."
Yuzuru said that, and again lowered her head. The female student wearing glasses,
made a troubled dry smile.
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
133 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
And, Yuzuru opened her lips at the same time as she was raising her head.
"Question. Then there is one, question I want to ask but, is it okay?"
"Yes, of course. What?"
"Appeal. I wish for you to teach me the ways of attracting the affections of a male."
""Eh…………!?""
Hearing the question let out by the expressionless Yuzuru , the group members
stiffened up.
"E,eerrrr…………? What did you say just now?"
"Repetition. The ways of attracting the affections of a male. I hope that you will
instruct me in the art of coaxing that leads him unable to endure anymore, and
release the shackles of reasoning."
""…………………!?""
The group member's faces were dyed red. This was the gathering of a group of
nothing but girls that are comparatively plain even in class. They might not have the
immunity to this kind of topic.
However, maybe unable to back away after saying she could ask anything, the first
girl that called out to Yuzuru opened her mouth nervously.
"Let's see …………something like, coincidentally pretending to touch each other's
hand………….?"
"N,no, that kind of Shoujo manga is………"
"Eeh…………then what am I suppose to say?"
"Errr, let's see………….something like, handing over juice that has been partially
drank beforehand?"
"-------Naive"
At that conversation, Origami interjected from the side. The group members looked
with a surprised face.
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
134 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
"Eh? To,tobiichi-san……………?"
"What did you meant by naive ……….?"
"It is not even worth talking about. You won't be able to make the target person to
fall for you if you use those aimless actions"
When Origami said that, she found that Yuzuru's eyes were quietly shining.
"Appeal. Yuzuru can see that you are no ordinary person. Please instruct me."
"……………………"
After Origami sighed, she changed her body's orientation towards Yuzuru, and used
her fingers to point in front of her.
Yuzuru immediately stood up, and sat on the place Origami pointed to.
"First, the most important thing is-------------"
And then Origami started talking softly.
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
135 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
136 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 3
Somehow managing to come out from the sea and reaching Reine's room, Shidou
who was borrowing a spare Yukata, drank up the tea poured into the teacup before
sighing loudly.
"I'm sorry, for the help………………"
"………………….no. it looks like it was a disaster."
After saying that, Reine shrugged her shoulders.
Shidou unintentionally averted his eyes. Reine was wearing the provided Yukata
but……………probably because the part where the Obi tied was done carelessly,
every time she moved, he peeked towards her seductive chest. In the eyes of a
healthy male student, it was a somewhat strong poison.
"……………? Is anything wrong?"
"N,no. Rather than that, is communication with the <Fraxinus> restored?"
"…………….no, it's no use."
"I…………see. Errr, then about those two----------Kaguya and Yuzuru………"
Reine made a small nod, and started operating the small note personal computer
placed on top of the table. On the screen, taken from a distance, the figure of 2
human shadows dancing in the wind, detailed numbers and sequenced words was
being shown on it.
Although the physiognomy of the person could not be differentiated with just the
picture but-------
"This is………….Kaguya and Yuzuru?"
"……………aah, most probably."
When Shidou pointed at the screen and raised his voice, Reine brought her head
forward a little.
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
137 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
"………………in reality, these girls are quite famous between us. Right when I
heard you say you saw a two-person Spirit in the wind; I could somehow guess who
it was"
"What do you mean by…………famous?"
When Shidou asked the question, Reine lightly pulled her hands out, as if to talk in
steps.
"………….those girls are called <Berserk>. Just like what you saw, they are a Spirit
accompanied with the wind."
"<Berserk>………."
"………………aah. They are the two-person spirit confirmed in all around the
world of this realm. Appearing into this world, both of them were only always
joking around but……………the problem was the scale of it."
"aah……………"
Shidou scratched his cheeks while remembering what happened in the afternoon. It
was a strong storm that was able to knock down many trees and make the sea rage.
It would probably be unbearable if that occurred many more times.
"It is probably those girls' fault for the number of outbreak-natured storms
occurring around the world. On top of that, the amount of eye-witness information
is unusually high. Having their photos taken in a American gossip magazine, it
seems there is a little controversy whether it is an angel, UFO or even the flying
spaghetti."
"Eye-witnesses……………, ah--------"
At that moment Shidou realized. Speaking of which, even though there was a Spirit
appearing nearby, the Space Quake alarm nearby did not ring.
In the northern part of the Arubi Island, it was a place with a high diffusing rate
shelter that does not lose to Tenguu city that Shidou and the others are living in. If
they were to confirm the omen of a Space Quake, there is no mistake that the alarm
will ring.
"Don't tell me, those two came to this world silently?"
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
138 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
When Shidou said that in fear, Reine swung her head sideways.
"…………………no, it looks like the omen was confirmed. --------but, it happened
far above in the skies of the Pacific Ocean."
Shidou unintentionally stared into wonder.
"The Pacific Ocean's-------sky?"
"………………….aah. Both of the <Berserk>'s Space Quake scale is A
rank……………it is an explosion incomparable to Tohka and the others. But for
some reason most of it, was confirmed in the middle of the sky with nothing in it."
"Eh, then, why did those two come to this island………………."
"……………it's simple. They moved here, after appearing into this world from the
sky. While both of them were locked in a grapple that was like a transporting
cyclone, they moved a distance of a few hundred kilometers, in just a few minutes."
"Wha………"
"………………it is a hurricane that has the intentions of causing trouble for the
world. Although it shows precise intentions of attacking humans, it is not because
they hate this world; it is because the after-math of the two of them just quarreling
will leave, the forests, mountains, rivers and towns in devastation, they are
whimsical berserkers."
While Reine was saying that, she then hit the terminals enter key. When she did that,
the image of a town wrecked into pieces appeared onto the screen.
"………………the damage done by those girls is very serious. Adding on, having
their figures being exposed to the public's attention, it is an annoyance to the
organizations that wants to conceal the existence of Spirits. Due to that, Kaguya and
Yuzuru are appointed as priority targets, to <Ratatoskr> and to the AST. ……
However, there were not many people that were able to get close to them so far."
"Wh,why is that?"
"…………it's because of their movement speed and movement radius. There is no
one that is able to chase them after they come over to this world. However it could
be said that this is luck within luck, that you were able to encounter those two."
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
139 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
"I, I see………"
Reine continued on after swaying her head a little.
"…………it's true right now, we are in the situation where communications to
<Fraxinus> are cut off and we can't get support from <Ratatoskr>. I cannot conduct
a proper analysis, with only the equipment I have now. If we were to conduct the
capture now, it would probably be much more risky than usual.
"But-----it's not all bad"
"And by that you mean…………."
"………….aren‘t those girls, the ones trying to gain your affection right now."
"Aah………."
Shidou let sweat droop down his cheeks. Because of that, he experienced a hard time
just now.
"………………towards the extremely low encounter rate <Berserk>, this is a
situation that cannot be wished for. If we were to let this chance get away, not joking,
we might not be able to meet Kaguya and Yuzuru a second time again. That's why, I
would like the seal to be performed before those girls change their minds."
"Then, to capture them without the assistance of <Fraxinus>…………is what you
want to say?"
After saying that, Shidou swallowed his own saliva as if he was nervous because of
his own words.
Although the choices were 50% helpful but…………….it is painful to be unable to
know the targets' mental state. And most of all, having a backup support behind him,
and to be able to have the recognition that he is not alone, makes his psychological
state unimaginably calm.
"………………I guess you're right. In truth there is one more thing that will be
posing a problem to capturing those girls."
"Something that will pose a problem………………is?"
"………………it's simple. <Berserk> has two people in it. What's more, they are
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
140 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
now competing with each other on who will be able to seduce you. If by any chance
you were to kiss any one of them-----what do you think would happen?"
"Ah……………"
If he does the kiss for the sealing, those girls would probably take the kissed person
as the winner of the match.
But the winner will lose their Reiryoku the moment she becomes victorious.
But if the loser does not agree with the conclusion of the match and starts
rampaging------there won't be anyone capable on stopping her.
"………………although I am not doubting their pride and morals but……………I
can't take it as a basis for exposing the residents of Arubi island and the students to
danger."
"I guess…………you're right. Then, then, does it means that I have no other choice
but kiss with one of them while hiding from the other?"
Reine made a difficult groan, towards Shidou's proposal.
"………………I can't say it is for certain. It looks like those two were originally
one Spirit. Just like you, Tohka and the others, there might be a chance that there is a
Reiryoku Pass between those two. If that is the case, the other side will probably
notice the moment the other one is sealed."
"Then, then, what on earth should I…………"
When Shidou made a difficult face and asked, Reine lowered her head forwards
while folding her arms.
"………………it is not like there is no way to do it. There is one, plan I have
already worked on."
"Plan?"
"…………aah. This afternoon, during the time we talked, I exchanged an agreement
with them. On the last day of the school field trip-------which is until the morning of
the day after tomorrow, they must make you choose which of them is more
charming."
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
141 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
"The day after tomorrow………right."
"……………aah. If they are able to get the results without fail in two days, those
girls will probably not pay back the grudges that easily right? At the very least, we
are able to gain an extension of one day. To us, this is a very precious------Date
time."
Hearing Reine's words, Shidou's gasped.
"Which means……………one day tomorrow, you're saying…………….that I have
to make Kaguya and Yuzuru fall for me? But----------"
"……………….no, it's a little different."
And, in the middle of Shidou's words, Reine swung her head sideways.
"…………This time, I, will be the one making you fall for me"
"……………………………huh?"
"……………that's why you will go above that and will make them fall for you"
For an instant he did not understood what Reine said, Shidou opened his eyes and
mouth wide. Although he could not understand it by himself but, he was probably
making the suitable idiotic face.
However Reine did not laugh at Shidou's funny state, but instead continued on with a
soft voice.
"……………….I will hand incam's to Kaguya and Yuzuru and Shin I will help them
proceed in giving them a helping hand in capturing you. All you have to do is show
favorable responses, and act accordingly to the girls I am giving orders to. --------
She is someone I can trust to support me, and thus, just like that, I want her to think
that."
"Eh, no, wait, I don't get what you are saying……………."
"…………if both of them were to get the conclusion that the advice I gave them was
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
142 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
accurate-------there is a chance that I can control both of their actions to a certain
extent. Yes, for example-------I can make both of them kiss you at the same time,
like that."
"……………!?"
Shidou immediately twitched his shoulders.
Kiss both of them at the same time.
Naturally he had never even tried it before but---------if it were to seal both of their
Reiryoku at the same time then, it was probably possible to reduce Reine's worries.
"……………it's no different from a desperate plan. However……….if that's able to
seal the two of them then, I think this is the only plan we have. So how about it?"
Reine said it while giving Shidou a fixed stare.
"How……. …you say."
While staring back at the eyes decorated on the bear, Shidou dampened his throat
with his saliva.
It is true that this is an extremely difficult mission. Just one mistake and not only
Shidou but, Tohka, Origami, everyone from school and the residence of this island
will be dragged into it.
However-------if Shidou does not do this, there might be another outbreak natured
hurricane appearing somewhere in the world.
---What's more. Shidou bit his lips a little.
After hearing the nature of Kaguya and Yuzuru's relationship, Shidou felt an
unbearably disgusting feeling.
They are quarreling for the sake of sitting on the seat of being the main personality-
------the one that loses, will be absorbed by the other and disappear.
For the sake of surviving, they have no other choice but to kill their opponent, the
worst plot.
The moment they were born, both of them were burdened with an extremely
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
143 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
unreasonable fate of knowing one of them will vanish.
But, if Shidou succeeds in sealing both of their Reiryoku, there might be a chance
that he would be able to change that fate.
"…………………."
Inside Shidou's mind, the memories of the Spirits he came in contact until now
resurfaced.
Tohka. Yoshino. Kurumi. And also------Kotori.
Whether it was dangerous or whatever, or things like what will happen to the world,
he did not mind things like that being his second and third priorities.
---The Spirits. He wanted to save those girls trapped and given the worst destiny.
That reason was more than enough for Shidou to extend his hands.
"I understand……………I'll try."
"…………….I'm sorry. That will be helpful."
When he said that, Reine suddenly removed her sights from Shidou and lightly
lowered her head.
He will be troubled if she is that formal. Shidou made a dry smile while waving his
hands.
"No way. Even I want to save the Spirits-----------"
And. When he was about to say it.
"------Achhkkchooo!"
Shidou made a flashy sneeze and shook his shoulders. Speaking of which, he felt
that it was a little chilly even though it was summer time. It would seem he got
cursed from diving into the sea just now.
"……………is it a cold?"
"No……………I don't think it's a problem."
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
144 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
He said that and slurped his dripping nose.
And, at that moment Reine, *Pon* hit her hands as if she thought of something.
"Reine-san? What's wrong?"
"………………aah, as expected it is not good if you don't take care of yourself. Just
rest for today."
"Eh? No, as expected that is a little…………."
"………….tomorrow, if by any chance you were to go down then, what are you
going to do with Kaguya and Yuzuru?"
Being told that, *Muu* Shidou groaned.
"I understand. Then, I will let myself rest for today."
For some reason Reine grabbed Shidou's hand, when he said that and was about to
stand up.
"……………please wait, Shin.-------You are going to sleep here."
"Heh?"
Not understanding what Reine's words mean, Shidou stared in wonder.
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
145 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
146 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 4
Approximately 20 minutes had passed after that. Shidou completely understood what
Reine's intentions were.
"Kuku…………Oh Shidou I have heard from Reine. It looks like you have gotten a
cold. Kaka, a human is such a fragile thing. For their bodies to fall ill after that
small degree."
"Declaration. Please be at ease. If you are to take Yuzuru's nursing, then you will be
at full health by tomorrow."
While saying that, the figures of Kaguya and Yuzuru wearing yukatas entered the
room.
"…………aah, sorry about that."
Shidou said that and made a dry smile while inside a futon, having a wet towel
placed on top of his head.
In an instant he wanted to leak out [who's fault did you think it was, who] words like
this but, he locked it in the deepest part of his heart.
He heard the general idea from Reine. The point is to increase their intimacy points
by having them nurse him and at the same time, understand both of their movement
patterns.
With the purpose of avoiding infecting the other students, the teaching staff
vacated the room and Shidou slept there alone. Incidentally a hidden camera was
installed in the shadows of the objects and was recording every single detail of these
two's movements.
Kaguya and Yuzuru, will somehow try to gain some points here, and were probably
enthusiastic about making Shidou choose. They were in an unusually motivated
state.
"Kuku……….then I will be bothering you."
"Discourtesy. Yuzuru will allow herself to enter."
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
147 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Both of them took off their slippers, and after they entered the room, they sat on the
left and right side of Shidou as if to interpose him.
And then, they looked down at Shidou's face fixedly.
"……………err, what is it?"
When Shidou said that, Kaguya and Yuzuru immediately raised their face and mixed
their sights.
"Kuku…………oh Yuzuru. I am going to say this first. You are going to hurt
yourself if you think I am the same Yamai Kaguya from before. I have an excellent
kinsman; thanks to her I have been reborn as the new me."
"Sigh. Kaguya's bluffing started again."
At Kaguya words, Kaguya shrugged her shoulders like she gave up. It was a
straightforward provocation. But Kaguya did not fall for it and distorted her mouth
while leaking a fearless smile.
Yuzuru also sensed Kaguya's composure too. She squinted her eyes slightly .
"Admiration. It looks like that is not an unnecessary lie at all.------However, that
goes for Yuzuru too. Yuzuru has gained a wonderful teacher. You are no longer
Yuzuru's enemy."
"Hou…………? Interesting. Then let's have a fair fight!"
She said that and Kaguya once again lowered her gaze back at Shidou.
"Mu"
After finishing taking a bath and changing in to her sleep-wear, Tohka walked along
the hotel corridor, and encountered Origami when she was just about to reach the
crossroad.
Wearing simply designed sleep-wear, a small pouch-like object hung from her wrist
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
148 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
and for some reason she was holding a plate with wrap on it. It would seem that
Onigiris were placed on it.
Although Tohka was bothered as to why she was holding that but, honestly Origami
was not someone that made her happy when she encountered her, but there was
nothing in particular that she wanted to talk about. *Pui* Tohka turned her face away
and walked towards her targeted location.-------but,
"………nu?"
Tohka frowned dubiously. Origami was following Tohka's back silently.
"Mu, why are you following me?"
"I am not following you or anything. We're just heading the same way."
Origami, replied back without changing a single part of her expression. Tohka
made the wrinkles between her brows even deeper.
"…………….you, don't tell me you're planning to go to Reine's room."
When Tohka said that, Origami twitched her eyebrows for the first time.
Yes. Tohka was also, heading towards Reine's room------in more accurate terms,
she was planning to go look after Shidou who was resting in Reine's room.
Just now she wanted to play with Shidou, and when she reached Shidou's room, she
was told that he was taking a rest in another room because of his cold.
However--------to think that Origami also knew the same information as her.
"I am more than enough to look after Shidou. You can go back to your own room."
"Don't joke with me; I'm the one who is going to look after Shidou!"
"I do not think that is something possible for you."
"What did you!"
"Well then, specifically what are you going to do?"
"Isn't that kind of thing already determined, first off---------"
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
149 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Tohka, started talking with full confidence.
*Hiii* Shidou leaked out his breath. After Kaguya looked at his face lightly, she
stretched her cheeks as if to strengthen her resolve and entered Shidou's futon
cheerfully just like that.
"Wai, Wait a second! What on earth are you-----!"
"Kuku…………when someone gets a cold all they need to do is get warm, right?
And Shidou, judging from the things I've heard, it looks like you love to share a bed
with a girl."
"Ha……….haah!?"
Shidou kept his futon with both his hands while raising a shout. Shidou was also a
boy now that he thought about it. Naturally it was not something he would hate,
but………………
"Wha,What is up with that. I don't remember saying something like that---------"
"Am I wrong? My kinsman, said that you were in her futon when she woke up early
on a certain morning…………"
"……………sorry, there was."
Shidou replied while twitching his cheeks. Most probably, rather there is no mistake,
that so called [Kinsman] Kaguya was speaking of probably referred to Tohka. Last
time because of Kotori, there certainly was a case where he was thrown into Tohka's
futon while he was asleep.
After hearing such a reply from Shidou, *Fufun* Kaguya made a triumphant smile
towards Yuzuru and nodded with satisfaction. And just like that, she resumed
pushing into Shidou's futon.
"N,no, that's why------"
And, when Shidou pinned down the futon as if to reject her, Kaguya
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
150 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
[Ugu……………] made her shoulders into the kanji shape 八.
"I,I'm…………no good?"
"……………! Tha,that isn't the………….AhhhhMou!?"
Shidou, made a troubled face and placed his hand on his forehead.
"-----with the gist of it, you have to get warm by sleeping together!"
Tohka, *Fufun* made a sound out of her noise while confidently folding her arms .
Yes. She remembered Reine and Kotori, saying that it is important to keep warm
when getting a cold.
Adding on, she liked the warmth when Shidou crawled into Tohka's futon and slept
together with her. Although she was surprised at the sudden event at that time but,
right now in his current weakened physical condition…………………….well, it was
special now.
However, Origami swung her head sideways in a given up state.
"As expected, you are unworthy for the role. You should quietly head back to your
room."
"Wha,What did you say!?"
"As evidence, you have not prepared anything."
"What?"
When Tohka glared at her while saying that; Origami lowered her sights to the
pouch hanging onto her wrist.
"A medical thermometer, a cooling sheet, and also a towel meant for wiping his
body was also prepared. There are no flaws"
"Fu, Fuun! The towel is also prepared in the room right! Even that much
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
151 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
I………………"
She said that and Origami swung her head.
"There's no point in doing that. Even if I wipe the sweat with great trouble, if it is the
prepared towel, I can't take it back."
"Mu, Muu…………?"
She did not understand a single word Origami said just now. She then rang her
throat as if she was groaning.
"What's more, you do not understand something very important."
"A very important thing?"
"Yes. Using the towel is the last resort."
"What? Then you can't wipe his sweat if it is like that?"
"If it was me I would."
Origami started talking plainly.
While the battle between Shidou and Kaguya unfolded, this time Yuzuru, took a step
toward Shidou with a calm and easy movement.
And then, *Bazaaa* she pulled away the futon.
"Uwaah!? What are you doing Yuzuru?"
"! That's right you, it's unfair for you to interrupt me from sleeping together with
him".
As if agreeing with Shidou, Kaguya who was trying to enter the futon made a
criticizing voice. However Yuzuru was not in the state of stopping and caring about
that and *twitch**twitch* moved her nose a little.
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
152 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
"Confirming. Yuzuru can see sweating."
"eh? Aah…………oh yeah, a little I guess."
Shidou made a small nod while answering. In order to act as if he had a cold, even
though it was night time he was covered in a thick futon in summertime. Naturally,
he would sweat.
"Pointing out. Your body temperature will drop because of the vaporization if you
leave the sweat alone. You have to hurry and wipe it"
"No………….well, that might be the case but…………."
And, while Shidou was blankly staring in wonder , Yuzuru suddenly grabbed
Shidou's yukata's awase[5C 5], and stripped him exposing his chest.
"Ha------------"
Yuzuru then fell on top of Shidou, stretched her tongue out and licked Shidou's
chest.
Soft and warm, the wet feeling was creeping around Shidou's chest as if tickling it.
Because of the sudden event, Shidou unintentionally [Kyan!] let out a girlish voice.
"Yu, Yuzuru!? wai………!"
"Wha, whawhawhawhawhawha what are you doing Yuzuruuu!"
Kaguya matched up with Shidou and shouted, Yuzuru tore herself apart from Shidou
who was gripping onto her head.
When she did that, Yuzuru licked her lips and made a puzzled face.
"Question. Why did you stop me?"
"Wh, why, what the hell are you doing !?"
"This is the best way to wipe the sweat, that's what my teacher taught me."
Shidou twitched his shoulders, from hearing Yuzuru words…………………
somehow, there was only one person that came to mind.
But anyway, his first priority now was to find a way to deal with this situation. After
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
153 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Shidou fixed his exposed chest, he then covered himself with the stolen futon.
"----And just like that, using the tongue to lick the sweat."
"Wha,What's the point of that!?"
When Tohka shouted while sweat was oozing out of her cheeks, *Hou* Origami
sighed.
"I feel pity for your lack of sensitivity."
"Guh…………"
Wondering why, although she was the one who was supposed to be the right, Tohka
ground her teeth with an indescribable sense of defeat. However, she couldn't get
overwhelmed by her opponent here. *Bun**bun* after Tohka swung her neck, she
shook her throat as if objecting.
"Bu,but in the end, sleeping together is needed after wiping the sweat off right!"
"That's true, you have a point. Sleeping together is a very important factor."
"Look at that! Even I am useful!"
However Origami, showed her denial again.
"Even with that, just me is more than enough."
"Do,don't joke with me! I'm the one who's much better at sleeping together!"
Tohka and Origami's gazes met and *spark**spark* fireworks exploded all around
them.
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
154 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
After Shidou covered himself with the futon, and as if she was waiting for this to
happen, Kaguya went on all fours while lifting Shidou's futon.
"Kuku…………looks like Shidou prefers sleeping together with me."
"Objection. Yuzuru is much superior than Kaguya even in terms of sleeping
together. If you want warmth then please allow Yuzuru."
"No, it's weird! Something is weird!"
When Shidou became desperate and stopped them, Kaguya and Yuzuru stared into
wonder blankly.
"What…….? Isn't skin contact the best way to get warm?"
"Agree. Yuzuru have heard that is the case."
"I,It is not a snowy mountain so, I'm okay alone…………"
Shidou grabbed tightly onto the futon from his chest, and said that as if trying to
escape from them. In terms the appearance, it was like the heroine getting attacked
by hoodlums.
When he did that, Yuzuru *Pon* hit her hand as if she was convinced about
something and made a small nod.
She then slowly stood up and she unraveled the obi that was tying her yukata
together.
""Wha………!?""
Kaguya's and Shidou's confusion were piled together magnificently.
But Yuzuru was not bothered and looked down at Shidou calmly. Peeking at her
captivating skin and matching underwear worn on top and bottom from the slit of
the unraveled Yukata, Shidou's heartbeat accelerated strangely.
"wha, whawha what are…………"
"Understood. Speaking of which, teacher said there is no meaning unless there is
direct skin contact if it is warming up"
"What is with that super theory!?"
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
155 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Even when Shidou raised a scream-like voice, Yuzuru was not bothered and entered
the futon.
She then took Shidou's trembling left arm and slid it into the middle of her Yukata.
"Huaa!?"
Shidou's face turned red and he shouted. Although he couldn't see it by himself but,
there was probably smoke coming out from his ears and head.
"wai, wha,what are you squirming around for!"
"Ignore. It's okay that Kaguya does not know. It is an adult space inside the futon."
When Yuzuru said that, Kaguya ground her teeth together in frustration.
"Do, don't look down on meeee!"
She then placed her hands on her obi with vigor and *BASAAT* removed it.
"Wha…………!?"
Shidou's eyes stared into wonder. Since she purged her obi more vigorously than
Yuzuru, her Yukata got flipped up for an instant. What's more------
"Wh,why are you naked Kaguyaa!?"
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
156 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
157 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Yes. Even Yuzuru was wearing a bra and panties under her yukata, but Kaguya was
right now, not wearing anything at all. He closed his eyes in panic.
"…………..! Shock. To go to that extent."
Yuzuru was also opening her eyes in wonder in shock. After looking both of their
reactions, Kaguya let out her voice while being confused.
"Eh? Aren't yukatas, suppose to be something like this? Because what Tohka said
was-------"
"No, it may be the correct way but even so!"
"Eh, Eeei, I don't care anymore……..!"
After an excited Kaguya shouted in desperation, just like that, she dove into Shidou's
futon.
She then took Shidou just like what Yuzuru did, and used both her legs to entwine
Shidou's body.
"We,well………..Shidou. Feel my healing powers………..! I am warmer than the
likes of Yuzuru. Look, Yuzuru has a somewhat chilly feeling!"
"Objection. Kaguya is the one who has the lonely breast; there should be less
calorific value."
"Kuha…….!?"
Caught up in the dispute between the two of them, Shidou tensed his whole body
while exhaling.
But as long as he is imprisoned inside the futon, his body will be pushed from both
sides. The gentle feeling of their skin clinging onto him, the feeling of breath
coming to his ears, or the faint drifting smell of their sweat, if he were to feel all of
that it would be bad. As expected it looks like he can't endure much longer.
"Control. Kaguya, Shidou's face is turning very red."
"What did you say? Even though both of us are warming him up, are you saying we
made his condition even worse?"
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
158 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
"Hypothesis. The reason is probably because of a Kaguya allergy. Try taking some
distance."
"D,don't say it like someone is house dust!"
"Proposal. Leaving jokes aside, we must do something about this."
"Do something…………….what are you saying we should do?"
"Proposal. Speaking of which, while saying to touch directly, don't you think the
skin contact zone is limited?"
And thus, when he thought Yuzuru said that, she released her hand that was entangled
with Shidou's right arm unexpectedly.
*Hoou*………….he then relaxed a relief sigh. But in the next moment, Shidou
stiffened his body once again.
The reason was something simple. Yuzuru's hands started to unravel the obi that was
tying Shidou's yukata together.
"Wai, Sto, wha,what!?"
Shidou became teary-eyed and shouted but, Yuzuru's hand didn't look like it would
stop. On the contrary, even Kaguya too had noticed Yuzuru's actions half-way, her
face turned red while coming to strip Shidou's yukata undauntedly.
"Ki, Kyaaaaaaaaaa! Kyaaaaaaaaaaa!?"
"Shut up, Silence! You're making it hard to strip!"
"Agree. It's not like you're an innocent baby anyway."
The futon stirred relentlessly, and coming from the side *Poi*, the yukata Shidou
was wearing got thrown out.
Frankly speaking, he had no idea what was done to him. It was like a good magic
trick.
However, the nightmare didn't stop there. The next thing that Yuzuru and Kaguya's
placed their fingers on was Shidou's last fortress; his pants.
"we,well…………This is the last."
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
159 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
"Affirmation. Let's do it in one go."
While in an excited state their breathing was getting rougher, both of them inserted
strength into their hands.
"I, Iyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!?"
Shidou's high-pitched scream, echoed across the room.
While Tohka was facing opposite at Origami and was caught in a stalemate in the
hotel corridor, she unexpectedly raised her eyebrows from hearing a scream like
sound coming from somewhere and entering her ears.
"………………..nu? Didn't you hear something?"
"That must be an auditory hallucination. You should take care of yourself and head
back to your room. Leave Shidou to me"
"Are you saying that again……….!"
Tohka pointed at the plate Origami was holding with her fingers.
"Then, what is that plate!? That is exactly, not needed to look after Shidou right!"
When Tohka said that, Origami replied back in a very natural state.
"It is for Shidou's supper. When infected by a cold, you have no choice in any case
but to apply energy."
"Fu,Fuun! You revealed your true character! The person that has a cold should be
eating porridge!"
Yes. Its true last time, she felt Reine and Kotori said that.
But Origami was not that much surprised, and replied back uninterested.
"When getting a cold, giving something good for digestion. Such a thing is
normal."
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
160 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
"What…………? Then why would you--------"
"This will, be made into a paste state by me and will be poured directly into Shidou's
mouth on the spot. There is no problem."
"Wha,what was that……….?"
Tohka tilted her head. She could not find Origami holding any other utensil looking
material with her; she wondered how Origami was going to make it into paste. And
by directly what does it………………
While Tohka immersed herself in these thoughts, Origami started moving forward
silently. She immediately opened her eyes wide, and grabbed Origami's shoulders in
panic.
"wa,wait! I'm the one who's going to look after Shidou!"
"Let go of me. Shidou is waiting for me."
"Don't joke with me, there is no way that's-----"
And, while Origami and Tohka quarrelled in the middle of the hallway, three
shadows approached them quickly from behind and crowded around both of their
surroundings while lowering their postures.
"Wha,what is it……..?"
*Twitch* Tohka shook her shoulders, and looked at the female students that were
spreading around her surroundings. They were faces she remembered.
It was the Ai Mai Mii trio who were in the same room as Tohka.
"Hey~ Hey~ both of you. Looks like both of you are working hard today too~"
"But in the hallway like this, it will cause trouble for other people."
"If it is okay, how about entrusting that match to us?"
Ai Mai Mii assumed a posture as if they were runners aiming for a theft, said that in
order while moving left and right little by little.
"Nu……….?"
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
161 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
"……………."
Tohka and Origami, surrounded by the three of them looked at each others' eyes in
curiosity.
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
162 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
163 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 5
Ellen was clinging onto the wall of the hotel corridor, as if she was peeking. After
confirming her target Yatogami Tohka entering the room, she used her finger and
pressed the Incam.
"---------This is Adeptus 1. The target has been confirmed entering the room."
"Understood. Should we dispatch the <Bandersnatch>?"
"I request at least three units outside the room just in case. However, it looks like
master sergeant Tobiichi Origami is also in the room. Just to be sure, please be
cautious about the activation radius of the Territory."
"Understood. <Bandersnatch> unit 1 to 3, activate."
Obeying Ellen's orders, the Operator made the instructions.
And, when Ellen was about to give out the next set of instructions,
"-----HeBuu!?"
She suddenly received something flying from the room towards her face, and
toppled over on the spot.
"Uh--------what was that."
She raised her body while pressing her nose and her body stiffened in an instant.
"Don't tell me, I was noticed…………?"
Although it was not that much damage, that single hit was unmistakably targeted
right at Ellen.
---This should not be possible. Ellen shook her head at the thoughts in her mind.
The <Bandersnatch> had yet taken any action that stood out, and it was not like Ellen
had done anything yet. No, however, if it is the Spirits perceptive abilities
then…………those kinds of thoughts, was filling Ellen's mind for an instant.
Whatever it may be, it does not change the fact that it was a critical situation. Ellen
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
164 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
tried to evacuate from that place and-------
"Ah, Cameraman-san spotted~"
From the carefree voice echoing from the room, her body was glared at.
"Oh, it's true it's true. You are Ellen-san right?"
"Don't let her escape, secure heerrrrrrrrrrrr!"
While shouting things like that, when Ellen was deep in thought those three girls
came approaching towards her from the room, they started circling her as if they
were surrounding her.
"wha…………"
---I got surrounded! Ellen grinded her teeth.
She remembered those girls. They were the students lodging in the same room with
the target.
Ellen detested her own carelessness. Those girls were most probably robbed of
their free-will from the Spirit. They were most likely in a controlled state. There
was no other explanation for this strange behavior.
During the time she was thinking about those kinds of thoughts, both Ellen's legs
and hands were restrained by Ai Mai Mii, and she was carried into the room.
"Kuh-----what are you……..!?"
"Oi~ the cameraman said she also wants to participate too!"
The moment Ai said those words, coming from the deep part of the room [Ooh!]
Tohka's voice echoed.
"I understand. I will bury all of you together!"
"Nice courage!"
She shouted and Tohka and Origami who were staring in the deep part of the room,
made a big swing, they seem to have thrown something.
"Like I will let you! Cameraman barrier!"
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
165 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
And, at that moment, Ai who was lifting Ellen's leg quickly let her hands go and
shrank her body behind Ellen as if she was hiding. At the same time, at Ellen's face,
a solid cloth like object made a direct hit consecutively.
"Kahaa……….!"
She released her breath as if coughing blood and Ellen collapsed to the ground.
"E,Elleeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeennnnnnnn!!"
"Are you okay? Your wounds are light you know!"
"Get a hold of yourself, you have your family waiting in your hometown right!?"
They said such things, the real culprits that used Ellen as a shield was, purposely
showing themselves wiping tears away as if they were acting.
Inside Ellen's confused consciousness, she confirmed the true identity of the object
that made a direct hit onto her face.
"…………pillow?"
Together with Ellen's mumbling----the war, had started again.
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
166 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
167 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 6
After finishing the staff meeting, the homeroom teacher of 2nd year group 4
Okamine Tamae was stopping by the teacher, Murasame Reine's room, which was
located right beside her own room.
From what she knew, it looked like a student from her class, Itsuka Shidou suddenly
fell ill and they had him rest.
It would be best not to wake him up if he was sleeping, but…………..just in case, she
should at least check up on him and confirm the situation as a homeroom teacher.
*knock**knock* Tamae knocked on the door conservatively.
"Itsuka-kun? I heard you've gotten a fever, are you okay?"
And while saying that, she slowly opened the door.
When she did, at that moment.
"Sto,Stooooooooooooppppppppppppp!"
While raising such a miserable shout, the said Itsuka Shidou jumped out from the
room.
---For some reason, he was naked.
"--------------"
"heh…………?"
Shidou, saw Tamae's face and made a shocked expression.
In an instant----
"KYAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!?"
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
168 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Shidou's and Tamae's scream, echoed throughout the hotel.
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
169 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
170 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Chapter 4: Cross-Counter Heart
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
171 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
172 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 1
The second day of the school trip began.
Shidou, arrived at the Akaru coast located at the northern extremity of Arubi Island.
This coast that had been scrapped off due to the Space Quake on this island 30 years
ago, it looks like a gentle arc from the view from above, and it would seem that it
was called a cool name like the Crescent moon coast from guides.
"……………………"
But, there was no signs of any tourist-like shadows there.
However that was only normal. Shidou was called and stopped by Reine when he
was about to head to the changing room with everyone else, and by using a prepared
rental car, he was taken to the private beach located at the edge of the Akaru coast.
It would seem she had purposely prepared it yesterday, since there is a high
possibility that the Shidou's capture might be interrupted by the other classmates
when it was in progress.
"Haa……………..this is amazing."
The sky is clear. The intense sunlight reflected on the high-transparent water, and
made Shidou squint his eyes.
However Shidou, in contrast compared to normal energetic young boys playing in a
swimming pool, muttered with a tone similar to an old man, he then gently caressed
the scratch wound made on his chest and cheeks.
In an instant, a slight pain ran through his skin and made his face flinch.
"Ouchouchouch………."
Last night, the moment he opened the door in order to run away from Kaguya and
Yuzuru, he was attacked by Tama-chan's slash fang.
Thanks to Kotori's Reiryoku, Shidou has gained a body that could heal itself no
matter how serious the injuries he got but, it would seem that the ability is not
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
173 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
subjected to injuries that can be healed by his own body's healing abilities. If he
were to enter the sea in his current state, he would probably shed tears because of
the severe ocean baptism.
Well, nonetheless----
"Either way, it is not like I can play comfortably…………"
Shidou made a sigh. As if to match up with that, a sleepy voice echoed through from
the Incam equipped on his right ear.
"…………Shin, it looks like Kaguya and Yuzuru finished changing their clothes.
Are you ready?"
Hearing Reine's words, Shidou made a deep breath before, answering [Yes].
"………….just as what I had explained yesterday, I handed Incams to the both of
them. They seem to have not tried sea swimming before, so I am thinking of giving
them many instructions. Try to match up with it as much as possible."
"Un, understood."
"………….in order to avoid crossing our conversation and the advice I am going to
give to the girls, I will be closing our communication line for now……………..is
that okay?"
"Yes, I will somehow manage it …………but honestly, it is a little uneasy though."
Recalling back yesterday's incident, he made a tired bitter smile.
"………….well, it looks like you had various problem yesterday but, we will be
saving to a certain degree today. Now then, mission start. Do not forget to
compliment them on their swimsuit."
At the end of those words, the communication connection was cut.
And thus, the same time as that, he heard voices of 2 people coming from behind.
"Kuku…………..So you were hiding in a place like this huh."
"Discover. Found you, Shidou."
It was characteristic tones. There was no need to confirm it. Shidou slowly turned
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
174 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
around.
Kaguya and Yuzuru were standing there just as he had predicted. Kaguya was
wearing a black bikini with white lace decorations and opposite to that; Yuzuru was
wearing a bikini with a white background decorated with black laces.
To both sides, it was so suitable on them that it was infuriating. If these girls were to
walk side by side on a beach, it would probably not end with one or two guys
approaching them spontaneously.
"O, ou, both of you. It really fits you two. It's really beautiful."
When Shidou made a compliment to their swimsuit following accordingly to
Reine's instructions, Kaguya opened her eyes wide with a red face as if she was
surprised while, Yuzuru blankly looked down at her outfit.
However in a sudden manner, Kaguya folded her arms together.
"Ku,kukuku…………………isn't that right isn't that right. But don't be mistaken.
Clothes at this level, would just be overshadowed by my charm"
"Thanks. Thank you very much. Yuzuru is very happy."
Subsequently, Yuzuru made an obedient bow.
And, at that moment.
"…………..hmm?"
"Confirmation. Yes."
And when he thought Kaguya and Yuzuru moved their eyebrows unexpectedly, both
of them used their hands and poked their own ears respectively. Looking closely,
Shidou saw the same type of Incam as his on the girls' ears.
"Kuku…………….I see, acknowledged."
"Roger. Understood."
Shidou made a bitter smile unintentionally. Since it was an unfamiliar action so it
can't be helped but…………it was not a strange scene looking at both of them being
preoccupied with the Incam.
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
175 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Before long, Kaguya and Yuzuru separated their hands from the Incam, and faced
back to Shidou.
"Oh Shidou. This Star Shine is quite unbearable, to me who has everlasting darkness
placed inside my body. I allow you to apply the divine protection of the miasma on
my body to repel the holy light."
"heh…………?"
"Appeal. Please help apply on Yuzuru to prevent getting sunburn."
"Aah……………I see."
He finally understood thanks to Yuzuru's words.
But, it was only after he realized that it was going to be trouble. That's because, to
apply something to prevent sunburns would mean---------
"fu……………well then, I am counting on you. I am leaving my back to you."
Kaguya, was saying something that was obviously not meant for this kind of
situation while, handing over the sunblock lotion to him. Subsequently, Yuzuru also
said something similar to that.
"Request. Please."
He was thinking where on earth did they get something like this from but, he
immediately understood. Just nearby Shidou and the others, a Resting space like
area with parasols and leisure sheets were constructed. Most probably, Reine
prepared it beforehand.
After severely mixing their sights together, both of them lay face down under the
parasol shade. They then unhooked their tops and, revealed their white backs to
Shidou.
"E,eerr…………….."
While looking at the both of their backs lying side by side, sweat was oozing down
the middle of Shidou's face.
Applying this………….would means that, he would have no choice but to use his
hands and directly run it around the soft skin of a girl.
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
176 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Thereupon, as expected whether or not they have gotten impatient, Kaguya and
Yuzuru touched the Incam and started making soft voices.
"Oi, Shidou isn't getting hooked. Isn't this different from what you said?"
"Question. Is there something wrong?"
"…………..uh, this is bad."
Shidou raised his eyebrows. Today's aim was, to increase the credibility of Reine's
advice. If Shidou were to hesitate here, it would probably mess up the plan.
"O,okay, I'm going to apply it!"
When he said that, Kaguya and Yuzuru faced towards Shidou for an instant before,
making a small nod.
"Fuu…………"
It looked like Shidou somehow managed to end it without making Reine's advice
useless. Shidou made a relaxed sigh.
However----
"Kuku………..so Shidou, it might be something that I don't need to ask but, of
course I am going to be the first you apply it on right?"
"Question. Who is Shidou going to apply sunblock first?"
"Eh………? No, that's..."
And, when he thought both of them were mixing their sights while still lying down,
Kaguya suddenly grappled Yuzuru and rode on top of her after rolling Yuzuru's
body over. She then raised her voice, while holding down Yuzuru's body with both
her hands and legs to stop her from moving.
"Shidou, right now. Bestow me with the divine protection of the miasma."
"Careless. Ku……….."
Kaguya raised the side of her lips as if elated with victory and Yuzuru leaked an
anguished voice.
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
177 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
For some reason, since they were in that kind of posture while their swimsuit tops
were off, so Kaguya and Yuzuru's breast being pushed onto each other body's was
somehow oddly erotic.
"Hurry up!"
"O, ou!"
In a form of being overpowered, Shidou folded his knees at that spot and took a
good amount of lotion on his hands before, touching Kaguya's back. At that instant--
----
"uh, Fuaa……….."
While making a sweet voice unheard until now, Kaguya's whole body twitched.
"!, So,sorry, was it cold?"
"It, its okay. Hurry…………up……."
"Ah,aah…………."
However, each time Shidou moved his hands, Kaguya would twist her body like it
was ticklish while making, excessively sexy voices like [ah………….], or
[Hnn……….].
Yuzuru too who was being held down by Kaguya, looked at Kaguya's reaction and
[Oou…………] let out an envious voice.
But, Yuzuru immediately moved her eyebrows in a sudden manner and by taking
advantage of the small chance made by Kaguya, she then rotates her body.
"Return fire. Chance taken."
"guh…………"
This time Yuzuru became the one holding Kaguya down who is now lying face up,
Yuzuru turned her eyes towards Shidou. Kaguya who had taken a mount position,
looked like she did not have the composure to retaliate against Yuzuru and was
*haa**haa* breathing heavily.
"Appeal. Shidou, hurry please give……………. Yuzuru too."
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
178 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
"Uh………………..!? O,ou"
He knows she was referring to the sunblock but, towards that oddly sensational
sentence and that pose, he mistakenly had a strong heartbeat. When Shidou somehow
managed to calm his heart down, he started applying lotion onto Yuzuru's back.
"Twitch. U…………….aah,h"
When he did that, Yuzuru let out breath from her nose in small intervals and made a
voice as if she was being squeezed to death.
Shidou then nervously with a manner using his hands and when moving his hands
accordingly to the muscles around her spine, Yuzuru's body suddenly sprung up as
if she finally could not stand it anymore.
"E,eerr…………"
"Admi……ration, Shidou, you have……….very good skills."
"N,no fair! Next is me!"
Kaguya who looks like she has finally regained her breath raised her body, and
reverse their positions.
But when Shidou started to apply the lotion again, she would start to raise a lovely
voice and shake her body.
"Re…taliation……………..would not let you."
This time Yuzuru was the one who twisted her body and made Kaguya's back get
attached to the leisure sheet. The lotion that was excessively applied was flowing
onto the sheet.
"Why you, what are you doing……….!"
But this time Kaguya did not let it end with her losing. She immediately grabbed
Yuzuru's hand and got back into a mount position.
After repeating the same thing over and over for some time, probably slipping
because of the lotion, both of them were in a manner where they are respectively in
a lying down on their stomach position on the sheet and was glaring at each other.
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
179 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
"Errr, in this situation……….."
Shidou joined his hands together to apply the lotion on the other hand and ran his
fingers along both their backs which were lying face down on the ground and lined
up at the same time.
When he did that----
""------uh, A,Aaaaaaahh!""
After the both of them raised a loud voice, they relaxed their hands and legs on the
spot completely exhausted and started breathing heavily as if they were sprinting
with full-strength.
"Ar,are you okay, both of you………..!"
Both of their vacant eyes met with each other, when Shidou said that while being
confused.
"………..This from, being unwary of it………….."
"Shudder…………….it's the fingers of god………….what an unthinkable wolf"
"Hu,huh……..?"
However, it looks like a message has been transmitted from Reine at that moment.
After both of them pushed the Incam at the same time, they started to make small
nods after rearranging their berthing.
"Fu, fumu, next would be………………watermelon splitting……..? have Shidou
blindfolded………….?"
"Con…….firm. After spinning around and getting dizzy, wait for the
direction………….?"
"Wai, wait a sec! What are you planning to do!?"
Unbearably he shouted---------Shidou moved his shoulders with a twitch.
Different from Kaguya and Yuzuru's, he felt as if he heard a voice from somewhere.
He thought it was Reine's voice coming from the incam in an instant but, no. Yes,
this is-------
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
180 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
"----shidou!"
"uh,Tohka………….!?"
Shidou called out the name whose voice he had heard before and he turned around
in shock. Although there was only the ocean expanding into his view but, he was
certain he felt the voice was coming from that direction.
After looking, he found Tohka swimming towards him from the open sea, while
making tremendous splashes.
Although the form was reckless, she was extremely fast. Incidentally coming from
behind, he caught a glimpse of Origami swimming with a beautiful crawl.
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
181 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
182 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 2
From the coast, Ellen, who was observing the target Yatogami Tohka, was making
sighs while massaging her right shoulder. It was quite a while since she did
vigorous exercise without the Territory, and it had become a light muscle ache.
…………In the end, she was dragged yesterday into the pillow fight late into the
night and along the way she had gotten tired and fell asleep together with the target.
Today for sure, pulling herself together, she was going to observe the target. But, as
expected, there were a lot of people in the middle of the day, so it didn't seem like
the target would be alone. Waiting for tonight would probably be better-------
That kind of thinking crossed her mind. And,
"--------hmm?"
Ellen's eyebrows frowned doubtfully. The target that was just now looking around
relentlessly in panic was unexpectedly heading towards the ocean. [Oo Shidou, you
are in such a place!] she shouted that and entered the ocean.
No, if that was only the case then it would be good but--------the problem was, the
target (And for some reason, Tobiichi Origami too) was swimming in a straight
line just like that.
"----<Arbatel>. Where is the target heading towards to? Can we follow her from
here?"
After Ellen faced towards the Incam and raised her voice, the voice of the operator
immediately replied back.
"We have confirmation. It would seem, that she is heading to the opposite side of the
coast"
"The opposite side of the coast, huh?"
While saying that, Ellen recalled back the map of Arubi Island which she was on
right now. It was certain that Ellen and the others should be on the edge of the arc
coast that looked like a crescent moon. Although she could only see a little, the line
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
183 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Tohka and the others were swimming on, was exactly on the course that connects
both of the coast's edges.
"Is there something on the coast they are headed to?"
"It would seem that it is a private beach. We are able to confirm 3 people, male and
female there"
After hearing that, Ellen licked her lips.
Although she did not know why Tohka and Origami started heading there, this was a
good opportunity. Unusually, there were less people in this swimming area which
was opened to public and she could expect testimonies of the target swimming out to
the open sea. This was probably the ideal chance to treat it as a gone missing
scenario.
"I will immediately head there too. Please make <Bandersnatch> follow me"
"Roger"
After hearing the reply, Ellen took along the camera that was made into a stand onto
her shoulder, and stood up straight on the spot.
---However.
"Oo, camera-san! Here here over here, take a picture take a picture!"
Unexpectedly called from behind, Ellen took a single glance towards that direction.
She saw a bunch of boys and girls over there having fun with the sand on the beachside.
There was a boy with his hair hardened up from wax being buried in the sand,
leaving only his head and below the bow. There was also a weird body taking a
weird pose made out of sand.
Incidentally the worst thing was, in his surroundings, she saw the 3 girl students
from yesterday who dragged Ellen into the pillow fight.
"I am very sorry but, I am---------"
"Eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeehhhhhh!"
"Isn't it okay, Ellen-san take one picture"
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
184 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
"Aren't we friends that gone through a hot night together"
"………………….Haaa"
After making an annoyed sigh, she set the camera and carelessly pressed the shutter.
"Is this okay. Well then, I am in a hurry so"
"Eeh, come on take more"
"I closed my eyes just now"
"Rather, where are you going? Let's play"
"………………………."
When Ellen was about the walk away while ignoring them, Ai Mai Mii stealthily
came from behind and gotten close, they then took the camera that was being held
on Ellen's shoulder and ran away.
"!, what are you doing. Please give that back"
"Noo, I feel bad for you having to always taking the photos, I will help take some of
Ellen-san too"
"Th,there is no need. Please give that back"
"It's okay it's okay, you don't have to restrain yourself"
"I am not restraining myself. I have something important to do so------------"
"Hai~~, lead our precious customer to her seat~"
The same time Mii said that, all the students from random directions grouped
together and lightly carried Ellen's body. They then brought her to the beach-side
just like that.
When they did that, at the same time with that Ai Mai Mii grabbed a shovel with their
hands and, *ZaZaZa* when she thought a human sized hole was dug out in the sandy
beach in a flash, Ellen was thrown inside it.
"Kuh, what on earth are you……….! Rather, aren't you people digging a little too
fast!?"
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
185 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
"Fu! We practiced high-speed hole digging in the back of the hotel until the ground
was full of holes yesterday!"
"Something like a sandy beach, to us now is like digging into tofu!"
"Now then, you guys, do it!"
""Ou!""
Together with Aii's leading command, Ellen's body was buried with sand all at the
same time.
"Uwah Puuh…………..wha, ple,please stop!"
Resisting in vain, Ellen's body was completely buried under the sand. Incidentally on
the piled up sand, a body-like sculpture was made on it.
"Kuh……………….this is troubling. Please let me go"
"Maa Maa, don't be in such a hurry"
"One picture for now, okay?"
"We will add more volume to the breast so?"
When she lowered her sights to her body, there was an odd amount of sand piled up
on her chest area exactly to what Mii said.
…………..it was a completely unneeded assistance.
Incidentally when she looked at it closely, below on her right side, she was able to
confirm the face of the boy that was buried by sand from just now. Forget that--------
the body made under Ellen's face was a Queen swinging a whip down and the boys
was, a naked man on all four with his butt facing her.
And most probably in order to bring both sides together, Aii who was a little further
away pressed the shutter.
"……………………….."
After Ellen twitched her cheeks, the boy that was buried-----------if certain, his name
was Tonomachi Hiroto or something-------------his face was looking over towards
this side.
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
186 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
"Ha Haa, was it……………Ellen-san. This is a little problematic"
"Haaaaa"
After Ellen gave a spiritless reply, Tonomachi cheek's lightly blushed while
continuing.
"How should I put it---------no, haha, I wonder can this kind of things be also,
called………fate"
"………………….."
This was the first time in her life she ever felt like spitting on somebody else.
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
187 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
188 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 3
After Tohka and Origami reached the coast, they jogged towards Shidou.
Incidentally their outfits were the swimsuits that Shidou bought for them last month.
Tohka was dark colored while Origami was a white bikini. Both of them were worth
trying on, it matched them greatly.
"Shidou, you were in a place like this! I was looking for you!"
"Shidou. Why are you together with the Yamai sisters?"
And, Tohka said that cheerful while Origami said it suspiciously. Shidou made a
wary smile as if to ambiguously deceive them and took a step backwards.
"No, well…………….about that, ahaha, truthfully speaking, I got lost……………"
And at that moment, somehow managed to correct their breathing, Kaguya and
Yuzuru who had their swimsuit tops fixed let out their voices.
"Hou? Isn't it Tohka. Kuku……………for you to come to your owner's side, what a
cute fellow. I give you my compliment"
"Wonder. Master Origami, why are you in such a place"
Speaking of which, there was talk about Kaguya and Yuzuru being a burden in
Tohka and Origami's room respectively. It was not surprising that both of them have
remembered their faces. ……………..well, whether it was master or owner, he was a
little curious as to why those kinds of titles that did not sound much like what a
friend should be using was being used.
"Ooou, Kaguya is also here too. What were you doing?"
"kuku…………..right now, crushing something with the outline dyed with darkness
and dark green until its crimson red blood and organs burst out, we are about to
proceed on playing the devils game"
"Wha, what is that. It sounds scary"
"Explanation. Kaguya is about to play split the watermelon-------"
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
189 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
"…………..Wait, for a little longer"
And, in the middle of Yuzuru's words, a sleepy voice can be heard coming from
behind.
Looking over and over there was, Reine wearing a parka over her swimsuit.
Probably because the sun rays were strong, she squinted her eyes while making a
shade with her hand and her head was wobbling. She looks like an anemic patient
that looks like she would fall at any moment but…………………….well, Shidou
knows that was Reine's usual condition.
"!, Reine-san……………….?"
Shidou raised his eyebrows doubtfully. Right now Reine, was suppose be giving out
advice to Kaguya and Yuzuru through the Incam.
Kaguya and Yuzuru were probably having the same doubts, they stared at Reine
strangely and touched the Incam equipped on their ears with their hands.
"……………….I'm sorry but, I forgot to prepare the watermelon.----------instead,
since the number of people increased. There is a court built there. How about beach
volleyball?"
Saying that, she pointed towards the end of the beach.
At first Kaguya and Yuzuru were unhappy but after a while, they seem to have
immediately understand that the objective had been changed.
"Fuun, alright. No matter what I do, it is decided that I will be the on standing on
top"
"Consent. Yuzuru doesn't mind. Yuzuru is the one to win anyway"
When their eyes met after saying that, although it is not a race but, both of them ran
at the same time.
"Oou!"
And thus, Tohka started to run as if she was inspired by that.
Origami was sending her sights towards Shidou and Reine as if she was not
convinced enough but, she probably guessed that there was nothing to gain from
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
190 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
asking anymore and walked towards the beach.
And as if to follow her, Reine and Shidou also started walking.
"………………so, Reine-san. Why did you suddenly come out?"
"……………..aah. It's because the irregulars known as Tohka and Origami
appearing has occurred. So I had plan switched to plan B. We might be able to do
something about it if we use the <Ratatoskr> ‘s organization members
but…………..as expected there is a limit if I am the only one"
"Plan B, you say"
"……………..aah, by fighting together in the same team, from the unity of you and
those girls, it's a plan where you increase your relationship"
"In the same team……………I wonder will those two quietly team up
together……….."
"…………………well, I have an idea for that. Just look"
After having such a conversation, Shidou and the others reached the magnificent
beach volleyball court constructed on the beach.
After that Reine her body leaned over and took a tube-like object that was leaning
against the pole.
"……………….now then, let's decide on team separation. 3 people in one team.
Please pull a lot"
"Mu?"
Starting from Tohka, the tube entrance was pointed towards her and she pulled a rod
that was inside it. Shidou hit his hands as if he got it. There was no mistake that those
lots are most probably set up so that Kaguya, Yuzuru and Shidou would be in the
same team.
"…………..well, Shin too"
"Ah, yes"
Being told that, he pulled one out from the remaining two.
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
191 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
And then, he brought his eyes towards the tip of the lot and-----------Shidou, [heh?]
made a stupid look.
That's because, on it was not a symbol or a number, but a drawing of an overly
exaggerated man.
"…………………well then, the people that pulled out Gregor, Jackson, and Spenser
come over here, while those who pulled Alexander, Abraham and Anthony, please
go to the other side of the court"
"Reine, this one is who?"
"This is?"
Tohka and Origami showed their lots to Reine as if they were troubled.
"……………..aah, this one is Gregor. That one is Spenser"
Next Kaguya and Yuzuru did the same thing and showed theirs to Reine similar to
before.
"……………..you two are Alexander and Abraham. Please go around to the other
side"
"……………………"
He looked at the exaggerated man (most probably Anthony) once more with half his
eyes closed. …………..he could not tell the difference from Tohka's and the others.
Team A…………..Kaguya, Yuzuru and Shidou.
Team B…………...Tohka, Origami and Reine.
Kaguya, Yuzuru, Tohka and Origami. 4 people of 6 were not satisfied with the team
organization originally but, just by one word [I will tell the winning team a secret
that Shidou never wants to be found out by someone else] from Reine, the match
started. Shidou's protest with his almost crying face was not accepted.
"Okay! Let's do it!"
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
192 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Tohka raised a cheerful shout, and released the service shot from the edge of the
opposite court.
But----
"Wha!?"
Bohyuuuuuu! The ball easily penetrated the net together with that sound, and
progressed like a bullet. Shidou immediately moved his body towards the side.
After the ball pierced to the spot where Shidou was just now,
GyaGyaGyaGyaGyaGyaa! It danced on the beach like a coma before finally
stopping.
"Reine! How many points was that!"
"………………0 points"
"Muu, technical skill points were not added huh…………."
"……………..most probably but, I think you are mistaken with another sport"
Probably after looking at Tohka's attack, Kaguya raised a low laugh.
"Kuku…………….not bad. It looks like I have to get serious too-----------"
"No, you don't have to. You don't have to!"
If it was going to be exchanges of those types of balls then, even if he had multiple
lives it won't be enough. Shidou shook his head.
"Fuun, boring. Well whatever, next is our service right?"
With that said, Kaguya stretched her hands towards the ball that was dug into the
ground.
And with an unexpected beautiful form, she shot the ball towards the opponent court.
"Oou, Its coming!"
"Don't disturb"
Stopping Tohka's movement with her voice, Origami received the ball.
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
193 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Reine who was standing behind her when that happened, made a beautiful toss.
During that occasion, Reine's breast which was proud of its tremendous mass
bounced up and down and Shidou's eye were unintentionally pinned onto that.
"Warning. It's dangerous"
"Haa………….!"
Being told that by Yuzuru, he immediately opened his eyes wide. By the time he
realized it; in front of him was Tohka who had made an energetic jump enough to
cross the net.
"Haa!"
Together with a loud shout filled with energy, Tohka hit the ball with the palm of
her hands. Standing there blankly, Shidou was grazed on his cheeks by the bulletlike
attack coming from that.
"Uwah!?"
"Kuh, Don't daze away, Shidou!"
"Agree. You're hindering"
Kaguya and Yuzuru's voice echoed from behind. It would seem, they made a slide in
order to get the ball.
However, since they reached the same spot at the same time, both of them *Bam*
knocked each other on the head and fell down on the spot. During that time, the ball
bounced inside the court and *roll**roll**roll* rolled on top of the sand.
"Kuhaa! Wha,what are you doing Yuzuru!"
"Objection. That is my line. Please do not disturb me"
Kaguya and Yuzuru pressed on their foreheads while glaring at each other.
"……………….Okay Tohka, that was one point"
"Oou! Really!"
In regards, the other side of the court was lively. Tohka and Reine *clap*, made a
high five. Although Origami looked like she ignored it but, her hand was taken by
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
194 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Reine and was forced to participate.
However, not stopping to bother about that, Kaguya and Yuzuru continued their
quarrel with each other.
"That was my territory no matter how much you think about. Don't do anything
extra!"
"Objection. I thought that the simpleton Kaguya would not make it in time"
"Wha, What did you say you bastard!"
"Return fire. What is it"
"O,Oi, both of you calm down……………."
And, at the same time when Shidou went between the both them to separate them,
Reine from the opposite court, whispered something into Tohka and Origami's ear.
When she did that,
"-----Hou, I get it now"
"……………..I will definitely get the promised thing later"
While saying things like that, Tohka and Origami arrogantly looked down at
Kaguya and Yuzuru.
"Fuu, what, Kaguya and Yuzuru isn't that much of a big deal!"
"A let-down. To challenge me when you are at that level, you don't know your
place"
""……………!""
Towards those obvious provokes, Kaguya and Yuzuru responded with a twitch.
And once more, Reine softly whispered into Tohka and Origami's ear again.
Although a little……………[more foul languages. You are supposed to do it like
that when the time comes] he felt that he heard something like this.
"Kaguya is a weak bug and Yuzuru is hopeless! Both of you two joined together are
useless!"
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
195 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
"You XXXXX's. XXXXXXXX should just XXXXXXX. It is suitable for loser's son
of a bitch."
An excessively childish insult and an excessively bland abuse were falling over
from the other side of the court.
""………………………""
Towards those two's agitation, Kaguya and Yuzuru quietly narrowed their eyes.
"………………hey Yuzuru"
"Reply. Is there anything?"
"………………wanna do it?"
"Agree. Let's do it."
Both of them mixed their sights together with a glance.
But having the next service, after Origami took the ball with her hands in an
extremely calm manner, she shot it towards the corner of the court with a beautiful
form.
"Yuzuru!"
"Reply. I know"
However, Yuzuru slide by the time she was almost finished and received the
perfectly close service.
She then hit up to Kaguya, who returned it back to the opposite court just like that. It
was a beautiful combination play, enough to think that the shameful sight from
before was a lie.
But the opposing team was not losing. Origami hit up the approaching ball.
"Teacher Murasame"
"………….Aah, I know"
The next thing after that, Reine *ton* lightly toss the ball. It was the exact same
pattern from just now. When somehow managing to brace himself in order to avoid
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
196 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
being preoccupied by the breast, he saw Tohka once again jumping high up.
"Oooh!"
She shouted, and released a sharp attack from the far away in a distant sky.
"Shidou, stop it!"
Kaguya's shout echoed. Shidou joined his hands while in panic, and prepared for
Tohka's attack.
But, after the ball pierced straight towards his face instead of his hands, it then made
a violent bounce high up into the sky just like that. The intense impact attacked his
head and made his sights dance with glittering stars.
"Gueeh!?"
"Okay! Shidou will be taken to this team since the ball hit him right?"
"………………no, I did not hear such a rule before"
He could hear things like that from the enemy court. It looks like that was the reason
why Tohka's ball had been aiming at Shidou.
"Praise. Nice"
However, it was Yuzuru's voice that he heard inside his hazy consciousness.
"Establish. Kaguya"
"Okay!"
Yuzuru kneeled down on that spot and joined both her hands together and made the
palm of her hands face upwards. And at the same time with the running Kaguya
stepping on it with one leg, Yuzuru lightly threw Kaguya's body up to the sky.
"Wha………….!"
"……………….!"
He could hear Tohka and Origami's voice coming from the opposing court. The
next moment--------
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
197 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
"Haaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!"
Kaguya that had jumped high up in the sky, hit down the airborne ball-------it
pierced towards the enemy court like an attack from an arrow. It was a really
splendid attack.
"Okay! Same point! Did you see that BASTARDS!"
In a manner as if she had forgotten her usual tone, Kaguya made a guts pose midair.
And after landing and standing on the ground, she exchanged a high five with
Yuzuru in an extremely natural way,
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
198 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
199 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
"Yahoooooo!"
"Excited. Yahoo"
"Yaa! That was perfect Yuzuru. Byuun It went up Byuun!"
"Positive. That was a magnificent attack. As expected from Kaguya"
"Nono, that was Yuzuru's-------"
And, both of them twitched their shoulders at that point, and *fuun* averted their
eyes away.
"Fuun…………..don't get conceited you lowlife. Think of it as an honor to be
stepped by my foot"
"Unpleasant. The smell has sticked onto my hands. It stinks. It smells like dried
mackerel, natto[5D 1] and surstromming[5D 2] mixed together"
"I, it doesn't stink like that!"
And, they started quarreling as if they remembered. It was not a strange aspect at all.
However, Shidou did not have the pleasure to carefully observe it right now. While
hearing shouts like [Shidou! Are you okay!?] Echoing inside his head, the
remainder of his consciousness sank into the darkness.
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
200 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
201 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 4
"Ouch Ouch……….."
Shidou was rubbing the bump made on his head while, walking sluggishly towards
the toilet established at the beachside.
Incidentally, the moment when Shidou said he was going to the toilet, there were a
few of them saying that it was dangerous for him to go since he was out-cold just
now so they said "I will follow" and tried to help him but, he vigorously refused by
politely rubbing his head against the sandy beach.
"……………..Are you alright, Shin?"
And thus, he heard Reine's voice coming from his right ear. Shidou opened his
mouth while making a wry smile as if he was tired.
"Well………..somehow. How is it on the other end?"
"…………honestly, I still can't say anything. What's left is to agitate their opposition
as much as possible but-------"
And, Reine suddenly cut off her words.
"Reine-san? What's wrong?"
He asked while raising his eyebrows but, he immediately found the reason out.
It was because right after Reine shortened her words, Kaguya popped her face out
from the side of the toilet.
"Kaguya……….? What are you doing here? Aren't you supposed to be waiting at
where the others are?"
"Kuku…………I who holds the divine protection of the hurricane, that kind of
distance has no meaning to me"
"……………well that might be true. I was asking about the reason
though……………."
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
202 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
When he said until there, Shidou immediately was taken back. He slouched forward
while shouting.
"I, I told you I don't need any help!?"
"Huh……………..?"
Kaguya's face turned red, right after she went blank for an instant.
"Wha, I said it following the flow at that spot! Don't take it seriously!"
"I, is that so…………?"
"Isn't that obvious!? Wh, why must I your………..errr…….."
Kaguya hang her head in shame at that point and shortened her words.
"Aa! Anyway, I am here for another matter!"
"O,ou…………!"
He nodded unintentionally. Shidou then lowered his voice and sent his question
towards the Incam.
"Reine-san, is this an instruction from your side?"
"……………..no, I have not said anything"
And, while Shidou and Reine was having a conversation, Kaguya called out to him
as if she had gotten irritated.
"Hey, don't ignore me"
"aah, my bad"
After Shidou returned his posture back to normal in panic, he then faced back
towards Kaguya. But………speaking of which, there is one thing that he was
wondering. He stared at Kaguya's face while scratching his cheeks.
"By the way………..are you going to continue using that tone?"
"Ah"
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
203 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Kaguya made an Oh no face.
She then made a cough and cleared her throat awkwardly and took a cool pose.
"Kuku…………….you have been deceived by my antics. I find you dancing on the
palm of my hands very humorous"
"……………………."
"………….what is with those eyes"
Kaguya made her lips go *buu* in displeasure. Shidou made a powerless wry smile
while scratching his cheeks.
"No……….I was thinking about why you would especially force yourself to use that
tone……………."
"I did not force myself! This is normal!"
"It's back its back"
"hah…………..!"
After he thought Kaguya made a shocked face, she then made a sigh and muttered
softly.
"………..that's because, it's that. Since I am a Spirit. Aren't I like super powerful?
Then there should be some dignity similar to that, isn't something like that needed?"
"…………is it something like that"
Shidou brought his eyebrows together and *u,un* groaned. He had met many Spirits
until now but, he felt as if there were no such girls before.
"Well isn't it obvious. Since I have a cool origin of birth and, I have a tragic
circumstances prepared you know? Then I have to have a personality around that
level"
"Well…………..if Kaguya is okay with it then it's okay. So? What's the matter?"
When Shidou said that, Kaguya [ahh] made a nod before continuing.
"Its kind of troublesome so I'm going to continue like this, right now me and
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
204 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Yuzuru, are having a battle for you right? So, it's about tomorrow's conclusion"
"aah……..I guess so. Wait, you, don't tell me. As expected isn't that kind of sneaky?"
He frowned, thinking that Kaguya was here to set a groundwork for herself.
---but Kaguya, spit out a totally unexpected line.
"----Shidou. Tomorrow-----choose Yuzuru"
"heh?"
Towards those words that were not in his assumptions, he blankly opened his eyes
wide.
"Don't, heh"
Kaguya shrugged her shoulders while continuing.
"There isn't any point to worry about right? That's because, she is super cute.
Although she a little unsociable but, she's obedient, her breasts are big, and she is
like a super Moe-like character shaped from guys delusions? And what's more, if
you choose her, she would most likely give you lots of services right? There is
nothing worth not choosing. That's why-------"
"Wa, wait a second!"
Shidou was sorting out his confused head while, stopping Kaguya words. He
couldn't understand what she was saying. No, he could understand the contents of
those words. But, choosing Yuzuru tomorrow would mean-------
"Kaguya, you……….said that the winner of this match would become the Yamai's
main personality right?"
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
205 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
"Un, I said that"
"………. You said the loser, would be consumed by the winner and be erased right"
"Un, yeah"
"Then, why-----"
When Shidou said that as if he was squeezing it out from his throat, Kaguya
scratched her head while making a troubled smile.
"Unn----………well even I don't want to disappear. But, more than that----I, want
Yuzuru to live. I want her to see even more things, and go all out and have fun in this
world"
"……………uh, you"
Although Shidou groaned painfully, Kaguya did not bother about it and continued
her words.
"Rather, everything would have been solved if you had not barged in at that time. I
was going to make a flashy clash and I will [Get defeated] get downed and
everything was supposed to end"
Kaguya pointed her fingers at Shidou while saying that.
Shidou's face distorted. A detestable pain as if his heart was being pulled out, was
swirling around his chest.
"Th,then, the first one to make me fall for them is the winner is------"
"Aah, that? Well that, isn't it obvious Yuzuru is the cuter one. If it is this match, there
should be no mistake that Yuzuru would win right?"
"But, that's………….."
When Shidou was about to finish, Kaguya moved in front of Shidou in an instance
and used her index finger to block Shidou's lips.
"I did not really ask for Shidou's opinion. All you have to do for tomorrow is say
Yuzuru is much cuter, lovely lovely Yuzuru-tan hahaha. ………..if not, I will blast
this island away together with all your friends"
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
206 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Kaguya narrowed her eyes in the middle of her words and said it in a low voice.
Shidou *gulp* gulped. The threat that he had forgotten until now, was revived by
that sight and words.
When Shidou was standing there nervous without moving, *Fuu* Kaguya loosen
her expression and pulled her legs away.
And then *turn* she turned her body facing direction and took on an excessively
cool pose.
"Kuku……………well then, I'm off human. The exchange in that occasion was a
blood pact. Know your body will be scorched by the right down
to your medulla if you fail to keep the pact!"
She said that, and Kaguya ran away.
Shidou could only stand still on that spot.
"…………….Shin"
After a while. He twitched his shoulders from Reine's voice echoing through his
right ear.
"Reine-san, that was-------"
"………aah, I heard. This has……..turned out into something difficult. If that was
Kaguya's true feelings instead of a strategy…………….then tomorrow, there might
be a chance Kaguya would not react to the kiss even if you stir her up.--------in
order to let Yuzuru win"
"……….guh……."
Shidou clutched his fist.
Its true there's that. It is a grave situation.
But, more than that.
Kaguya's determination to let herself die in order to let Yuzuru live-----was heavily,
hanging onto Shidou's heart.
However, he can't let himself continue getting dumbfounded here. Shidou started
Feegefoia franme
Flame of purgatory
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
207 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
walking by dragging his heavy legs. If he were to stay missing any longer, Tohka,
Origami and more importantly Yuzuru would get suspicious-----
"Stop. Shidou, please stop"
"…………………..!?"
Suddenly a voice came from his back, and Shidou twitched his shoulders.
That was unmistakably Yuzuru's voice. For an instant, he thought that it was an
auditory hallucination but……….it was wrong. Wondering when she was there,
Yuzuru was standing right behind him.
"Yu,Yuzuru………………?"
"Reply. Yes, is what Yuzuru replied"
With a voice that has no accent. In a calm behavior. In an extremely calm manner,
Yuzuru nodded.
"Wha,whats wrong?"
When Shidou asked her while having sweat flowing from his forehead, *Fuu*
Yuzuru turned her face towards the direction Kaguya ran off to and quietly opened
her mouth.
"Question.--------------with Kaguya, what did you two talk about?"
"……………..!"
Shidou gasped. His heartbeat that had calmed down was once again throbbing
roughly.
"What did………….errr"
And, when Shidou was being immersed in his thoughts, Yuzuru made a small shrug
with her shoulders while sighing.
"Take back. No, as expected its okay. Yuzuru could guess pretty much"
"uh, I,is…….that so?"
"Affirmative. Most likely-----in the occasion for tomorrow's selection, she said to
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
208 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
choose her right?"
"No…….that is"
When Shidou about to release his words, Yuzuru used the palm of her hands and
stopped him.
"Question. Although Yuzuru don't care about that but, did Kaguya do anything
during that time?"
"What………….as in?"
"Example. Yuzuru is asking whether for example hugging Shidou and crawling her
tongue around Shidou's nape or putting Shidou's face in between her chest or
putting her hands into Shidou's swimsuit and touching your groin"
"Sh, she did not do something like that!"
Towards those unexpected words, Shidou shouted unintentionally. Yuzuru *good
grief* shakes her head as if she given up.
"Disappointment. Kaguya that's not good. You are too naive. If Kaguya were to
seduce properly, you would easily drop Shidou to the level of a monkey in mating
season"
It felt like he was somehow being insulted but, more importantly Shidou felt
Yuzuru's way of speaking was out of place.
That's because, Yuzuru's words were as if-----
"Appeal. Yuzuru has a request for Shidou"
And, as if to interrupt Shidou's thoughts, Yuzuru let out her voice.
"Request……….?"
Hearing a word like that, there were chills running up Shidou's spine. He
unintentionally swallowed his saliva.
His throat hurt and his heart beat started to pump faster. *babump* *babump*. His
blood vessels quickly expanded, and the feeling was like his whole body was being
poured with blood vigorously.
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
209 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
However Shidou's mind was contrastively, as if intoxicated, was getting hazy. But
inside that, there was only one------the words he heard just a few minutes ago, were
vividly brought back into his mind.
"Consent. That is correct"
After Yuzuru made a deep nod and continued her words without getting enthusiastic.
"Appeal. Shidou, this match, please by all means choose Kaguya"
"--------------"
His voice did not come out.
Mostly likely at the point when Yuzuru appeared, he could already somehow predict
the outcome.
Looking at Shidou's reaction, Yuzuru tilted her head in doubt.
"Question. Yuzuru feels that Shidou's reaction is out of place"
"uh, no, nothing at all……………"
"request. More importantly, please. Tomorrow, Shidou must pick Kaguya. It's a
promise"
"Wh-why…………..something like that"
"Explanation. Kaguya is much more superior to Yuzuru. There is no room for
worrying. Even Shidou should also know about Kaguya's cuteness. Although
Kaguya somewhat pretends to be tough, she is earnest, and has a fragile body that
looks like it will break when touched and the feeling when hugging it could only be
described as heaven. Most likely if Shidou chooses Kaguya, Kaguya would do a lot
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
210 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
of things for you. By all means, Kaguya-----"
"That's because, if Kaguya wins, then Yuzuru will-------"
When Shidou said that, Yuzuru cast her eyes downwards and nodded. The only
things Shidou is thinking about now are all words that were thought over and over
carefully.
"Kaguya is the spirit most fit to be the true Yamai. Even Shidou knows about that
clearly in this one day right? Kaguya is very charming. There is no reason not to
choose her"
"Tha,that's because, both of you, were so competitive…………"
"Explanation. Although Kaguya looks like that, she is a shy girl. Unless Kaguya is
stirred up, she won't appeal to you like that"
"………………….."
When Shidou became silent, Yuzuru walked closer to Shidou and whispered towards
his ears.
"Reminder. Tomorrow, please say Shidou would choose Kaguya. If not, misfortune
will be brought to Shidou's friends"
After leaving threatening words similar to Kaguya's, Yuzuru ran off.
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
211 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
212 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 5
"……………….." Reaching gathering time, Ellen who was finally dug out from the
sand pit was sitting along the coast on the floor, grasping her knees while viewing
the sea.
The target had already come over to this side of the coast and has gone to the
changing room in order to change her clothes. She had also passed by Ellen who
just now was buried in the sand (The part of the body made by sand was changed
and improved into the shape of a body builder), and unmistakably should have
laughed while holding her stomach.
Incidentally, the boy Tonomachi who was dug out one step earlier than her, extended
his hands in a respectful manner, but since it was irritating, Ellen threw him into the
hole she was dug in, and filled it up once again with sand.
"…………….Miss executive officer, errr"
Coming from the Incam, the awkward voice of the operator echoed.
"……………….I'm okay. Don't worry. This is nothing. I'll do my favored method in
the night. There is no problem. I will catch her properly in the hotel"
"I,I guess so……………"
The voice of the kind operator was somehow the one that was tired.
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
213 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
214 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 6
There was no taste during dinner on that day.
It was not like the hotel chef took too much consideration on the guest's health or
Shidou's sense of taste was dull. It was just simply because his mind wandered off
somewhere.
After finishing his meal without exchanging any conversations with the others, he
was immersing himself in his thoughts absentmindedly while sluggishly walking in
the hotel corridor.
During daytime, the words Kaguya and Yuzuru spewed out was still swirling inside
his head.
---In order to let their other-self live, they chose to eliminate themselves.
The moment Shidou heard that, he was unable to understand those girls in an instant.
But, for example.
If Shidou does not sacrifice his life, then his sister Kotori would die.
Most definitely-------he would, respond to that by shaking his head without
hesitating.
It was not like those types of narcissistic motives, like self-sacrificing or devotion.
But simply, without consideration, that was the only choice.
If that kind of thing, that kind of option is still invalid then, his head would just only
make judgments.
"----Dou"
No, not only that. Rather-------Shidou might be happy knowing that, Kaguya and
Yuzuru think of each other to this extend. But----
"Oi, Shidou!"
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
215 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
"uh!?"
A loud voice was released at his ears and Shidou immediately opened his eyes wide.
"Seriously, you finally realized Shidou?"
Saying that, not knowing when she was there, Tohka in yukata state *Puff* bulged
her cheeks.
"To,Tohka…………how long were you there?"
"I have been walking beside you for quite a while"
When Shidou said that, Tohka stared at Shidou's face.
"Wha………….what?"
"Nothing"
After Tohka *Fuu* averted her sights, she made a small smile with her lips and held
Shidou's hands tightly.
"Shidou, if it is okay, why don't we go outside for a little?"
"eh…………….?"
"The sea in the night------I want to see"
She said that and pulled Shidou's hands.
"Ah, wai, wait a sec………….."
Shidou braced his legs in panic and stopped Tohka's progress.
"No, isn't it bad going outside on our own accord. The teachers should be coming to
patrol about now too…………….."
When he did that, Tohka stuck out her lips while *Haa* sighing.
"…………sorry, Shidou. I made a little lie"
"eh?"
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
216 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
"err…………how to put it, even though we came to the school trip, but for some
reason……….we haven't been talking with each other right? That's why--------
together with Shidou, I wanted the both of us to talk"
"…………………uh"
"I am……….not allowed?"
After saying that, she made an upward glance while looking at Shidou.
"………………..no, that, is"
If there is a guy that can say no after that, by all means he wants to see someone like
that. In the next instant, Shidou was pulled by Tohka who has a smile in her face.
"Haai! It is everyone's long awaited Trump tiiiiiiiiiiiiiime!..............and, aree?"
Aii who jumped into the room while shouting, looked around the rooms interior
while tilting her head.
Inside the room, were only Mai and Mii.
"Aree, Where's Tohka-chan? And Kaguya-chan too"
When she asked, Mai who was lying down and flipping through the travel guide and
Mii who was having a boxing match with the string coming down from the light,
faced towards her direction.
"Un-----, if it is Tohka-chan then she was together with Itsuka-kun. Isn't she getting
cozy with him?"
"I also saw Kaguya-chan. She was hiding behind the walls and looking at them"
Towards both of their words, Aii [HoHoo…….] patted her chin.
"You're kidding; don't tell me it's a love triangle? Kyaa----- it somehow smells like
an afternoon drama"
After Aii made a mischievous smile, she then dropped her sights towards the trump
on her hands.
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
217 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
"But well, if that is the case then we don't have enough people. I was thinking on
playing Daifugou [5D 3] though"
When Aii said that while shrugging her shoulders, both of them *ahaha* laughed.
"If that is the case then we need 5 people"
"How about calling Yuzuru-chan?"
"No, I did head towards her room but, it looks like Yuzuru-chan is not there too.
Although I found Ellen-san but I lost her half-way. I wonder where everyone went"
After Aii *Fuu* made a sigh, then how about, let's play shichinarabe [5D 4]? And
started shuffling the cards.
"-----Haa, Haa"
While sticking onto the wall outside of the hotel, Ellen was taking a breath to rearrange
her rough breathing.
She then peeked back inside the hotel, and made a relaxing sigh after confirming no
one was there.
"……………That was a close call"
Speaking to herself in monologue, she then wiped the sweat of her forehead. After
seeing the target Yatogami Tohka going outside with a male student. The moment
she thought that this was a good chance and was about to follow them, coming from
behind, [Ellen-saaaaaaaaaann! Let's plaaaaaaaaaaaaaayyyyyyyy!] The voice of her
natural enemy echoed.
She then withdrew away from the area in panic, honestly speaking, her heart was
still beating hard even now.
"We,well, no matter, this is a chance"
After taking another peek at the hotel's condition just in case, Ellen extended her
hands to the Incam.
"<Arbatell>, are you seeing this? The target has distanced herself from the hotel.
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
218 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Time to commence"
"----Understood"
"And also…………..Please send one <Bandersnatch> around this area, and have it
on stand-by."
"I don't mind but, why is that?"
"----There is master sergeant Tobiichi inside the hotel. I think it is an unnecessary
anxiety but……………by any chance she is seen to make strange movements, I'm
leaving the counter response to you."
"Roger"
After confirming the operator's voice, Ellen stepped out into the dark night.
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
219 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
220 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 7
There was no one in the beach at night, the uproar in the middle of the day fall into
silent as if it was a lie.
Well, the private beach Shidou and the others were at, was quiet even in the
afternoon.
Shidou and Tohka, in a slow pace, were walking beside the breakwater while
exchanging various conversations.
"-----then, yesterday night, I had a pillow fight with Aii Mai Mii"
"haha………….did you seriously do something like that"
"Umu. At first it was a match with Tobiichi Origami to determine who will be going
to look after Shidou but, it became heated up half-way, and we did it until both of us
became tired and sleepy"
"…………I, I see"
Shidou made a wry laugh powerlessly. If their match were to finish faster and either
one of them had some energy left then yesterday night would most probably be
another great disaster waiting for him.
But no matter……………….how would you put it. Although they were exchanging a
meaningless conversation with each other, for some reason his mood became
relaxed.
And thus, after walking a little bit further ahead, Tohka suddenly turned around.
"So------Shidou. What on earth happened?"
After being told that, *Babump* Shidou felt his heart jumping out.
"………uh, what do you mean"
"No, although I am not very sure about it but, something happened right?"
"Wh, why do you think that……….?"
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
221 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
When Shidou asked, Tohka [unnnn………….] touched her chin with her index
finger.
"Somehow, I can feel Shidou is troubled. I guess-----err, at that time, the feeling was
a little similar with at that time with Kurumi"
Tohka said that while groaning a little. Shidou opened his eyes wide.
Tokisaki Kurumi. An evil spirit that kills humans under her own volition.
Last month, Shidou was knocked into reality by finding out that girl's true nature----
and then, he was saved by Tohka's words.
"No, if there is nothing then it's okay. It might be because, I am thinking too much.
"…………………"
Towards Tohka's words, Shidou made a big sigh.
"Is that why, Tohka. For that reason you took me outside?"
"Mu……….well, that's. No, it is true I want to talk with Shidou?"
Tohka said that while her cheeks were slightly blushed. That gesture was cute
beyond belief-----and, gratefully, Shidou unintentionally loosen his cheeks.
"………………hey, Tohka. Will you hear me out?"
"mu? Umu, I will listen to anything"
Tohka nodded. After Shidou made a nod, he started slowly talking.
"There's Kaguya and Yuzuru right? It is a talk that kind of sounds like a lie, in
reality those two are------"
While skillfully obscuring the charm contest and such, he explained that those two
are spirits, are in dispute and……………..the loser will lose their life.
At first Tohka was *Fumu**fumu* nodding but, immediately she made a shocked
face.
"What…………that kind of thing is"
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
222 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
"Aah. And so------- the main topic is starting from here. Actually……….this
afternoon, I was told by Kaguya to [choose Yuzuru]"
"What…………? That is absurd, if that happens then Kaguya will--------"
Saying until there, Tohka shook her head a little.
"No, but, I see. Me too, if I am told Shidou will die if I don't die then……………I
might also do that"
"Tohka…………."
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
223 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
224 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
When Shidou said that, Tohka shook her shoulders in surprise.
"Nu, no, nothing! Just continue!"
"A,aah…………"
He continued after scratching his cheeks.
"And………… immediately after that, I was told the same thing by Yuzuru. She said
[Please choose Kaguya]"
Tohka, opened her eyes in wonder.
"What…….then Kaguya and Yuzuru are"
"Aah………..both of them are, trying to keep the other alive. Even if their own self
were to disappear, Kaguya to Yuzuru, Yuzuru to Kaguya, they are thinking of
wanting the latter to survive. And so------how should I put it, I don't know what is the
right thing to do"
When Shidou said that, Tohka *umu*, groaned and turned silent.
After that for a short while, she frowned her eyebrows as if she was thinking very
hard.
And after a few seconds, Tohka started moving her mouth with a meek expression.
"Hey……………..Shidou. This is what I think but-------"
And-----at that moment. Coming from the front, the sound of a foot standing firmly
onto the ground echoed and, Shidou raised his face.
He then noticed a girl wearing a yukata there, and his body stiffened.
---Yes. Yamai Kaguya was, standing over there.
"Ka,Kaguya……….!? Why are you here……………"
"What was that…….just now?"
Without answering the question, Kaguya released a silent------but violent voice
filled with anger.
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
225 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
"Yuzuru…………me? Hah……….? I don't understand the meaning. What are you
saying?"
While muttering to herself like an internal monologue, Kaguya grinded her teeth
hard, and clenched her fist. After she did that, as if to match up with that, a cold wind
swirled around the surroundings.
"Kaguya, calm down-------"
While being pressured by uneasiness in his heart, Shidou said that. But, it looks like
Kaguya completely did not hear what he said. She was only inserting force into her
fist and her body trembled.
And then-----right after that.
"……………!? Yuzuru…………..!?"
When Shidou turned back from hearing the footstep coming from behind, over
there was, Yuzuru was facing her face downwards performing the same thing as
Kaguya.
"Demand------repetition. Kaguya said………..choose Yuzuru? Is what Kaguya said?"
"Yuzuru, listen to-------"
""Don't screw with me………….!""
In an instant, at the same time both of them released a voice similar to an angry roar,
tremendous wind pressure was released from both of them.
"Uwah……….!?"
"Kuh------------!"
Shidou and Tohka who were just close to them, hit the ground with their backs from
the sudden gust.
Somehow managing to cling onto the nearby break water while raising his body, he
then returned his sights back to those two.
The intense wind current coiled about Kaguya's and Yuzuru's body and the clothes
that were on their bodies turned into light particles.
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
226 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
And then, in exchange, a straightjacket appeared and tightened around their whole
body and locks were placed on their neck, hands and legs.
---AstralDress. The absolute armor that protects the Spirits.
What's more, it did not end at that point.
Kaguya's right hand, Yuzuru's left hand, both of them put them up to the front
respectively.
When they did that, an inorganic wing appeared on Kaguya's right shoulder. As if
that was the starting point, a metal gauntlet that holds brilliance was constructed on
her right arm--------and on the end of her hand, a giant lance that easily exceeds her
body height appeared.
"<Raphael> ------[El Re'em]!!"
And in an exact timing with that, an inorganic wing grew out of Yuzuru's left
shoulder. Her left arm is then covered in armor and on her hand; she grasped a
string with diamond shape blade on its tip. It looks like a pendulum used for
dowsing.
"Concord. <Raphael>-------[El Nachash]."
Kaguya made a stance with her lance while Yuzuru made the blade attached to the tip
of the pendulum float mid-air.
Shidou's face turned blue.
The thing both of them manifested just now was unmistakably the [Angel]. The
Spirits prided strongest weapon.
Inside the interval of an instant, various thoughts coursed about in the inside of his
head.
[Don't screw with me]. The meaning of the word those two released. Whether it was
something faced towards Shidou for leaking their secret-------or, was it faced
towards Tohka for talking together with Shidou.
But, it looks like none of them were right to be accurate.
Kaguya to Yuzuru, Yuzuru to Kaguya, both of them glared at each other with
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
227 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
piercing sights and opened their mouth detestably.
"………………looks like you did something to screw with me, Yuzuru. Choose
me?"
"Rebuttal. Kaguya too, what are you planning. Yuzuru does not remember
requesting something like that"
Together with those words, the winds swirling nearby intensified even further.
"--------it's no good. As expected, no good. I thought this battle method would give a
quiet and reasonable conclusion but, I forgot to put your idiocy inside my
calculations"
"Consent. Yuzuru has lost patience to Kaguya's degree of foolishness. ------In the
end, it will turn out like this. The match both of us started, to let it end by the hands
of someone else, it is just asking too much"
After saying that, both of them readied their lance, and pendulum.
"I guess you're right. As expected, it looks like we have no choice but to end it with
just the both of us. It's just right. Right now I am, at the highest point of my life
pissed off at you"
"Return fire. Yuzuru too. Yuzuru can't hide her irritation and anger of Kaguya's
thoughtlessness."
"------the duel method is"
"Naturally. That is obvious"
Kaguya and Yuzuru once again opened their mouth at the same time.
""-----The first one to fall, Wins""
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
228 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
The only thing that shows that is.
A conflict-----that will not end until one of them gets defeated.
"Sto-------"
Without hearing Shidou's voice of desisting, both of them clashed with tremendous
wind pressure accompanying them.
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
229 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
230 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 8
Suddenly, *Go**go**go*------, when she thought the sound of the wind from
outside resounded like the ground rumbling, the outer wall of the hotel
*creak**creak* started creaking.
There were various reactions coming from the students inside the hotel. Those who
turned on the television to confirm the weather forecast, those who were scared of
the storm and thus quickly covered themselves with the a futon and those nonchalant
people laughing at the fact it was a good thing the storm did not occur in the
afternoon.
Nonetheless naturally, no one went outside the hotel on purpose to get blown by the
wind.
---With the exception of, Tobiichi Origami.
"……………………"
Silently putting on her shoes, she placed her hands on the hotel door.
The reason was plain and simple. When she was about to go look for Shidou just
now, coming from Aii living in the same room as Tohka, she gained the
information that she saw Tohka taking Shidou and heading outside.
Origami's actions were swift. She knocked down Aii's hand who came to invite her
for a game of trump, and while she was running towards the hotel entrance, halfway
there she received a warning from Tamae [You should not run in the corridor].
Origami's leg could not stop just because there was a storm.
She was not pleased about Shidou and Tohka going outside together but, more
importantly, in a storm like this, it is extremely dangerous to be outside of the hotel
which is particularly close to the sea. She has to bring Shidou back as fast as
possible.
It is true the storm is strong but, it wasn't as strong as to not being able to walk
outside. Origami proceeded on walking outside----
"…………..!?"
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
231 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
She felt a presence behind her and immediately jumped away from her spot.
In an instant, coming from the spot where Origami was at just now, *clash*. Such a
metallic sound echoed.
"Wha………"
Origami looked at the thing that appeared there and slightly raised her eyebrows.
A thing that has a human shape was standing there with its fist thrusted into the
ground.
In a moment, Origami thought that was an AST personnel. In reality that equipment
looks like a CR-unit that looks similar to the AST official accepted equipment, and
she felt the slight headache of when the Territory is activated at close-range. There
was most probably no mistake that it has the Realizer activated.
But-------no. The unit that was being worn by that thing was clearly not human.
An inorganic exterior that makes one think that it has no life. It had crooked hands
and legs designed only important for efficiency.
It was a human shaped machine that would generally be described as a robot or a
doll.
"What on earth………..is this"
Origami said that as if she was squeezing her voice out from her throat. The
Realizer, cannot be controlled if a human's brain wave is not used. For a human-type
robot to use a Territory----
"Kuh………………."
That kind of thought was interrupted half-way. The mechanical doll leaped towards
Origami.
Avoiding at the very end, she took as much distance as she could.
"Who are you?"
Betting on the small hope she tried talking to it, but as expected the doll did not
reply back. While not showing back any reactions at all, it came attacking with
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
232 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
consecutive strikes.
"………………………!"
Origami dodged in paper-thin difference while, picking up a strange feeling.
As far as she could see, the doll was equipped with the basic equipment's such as the
laser blade or the gun. But for some reason showing no signs of using it in response
to Origami, it came punching bare-handedly.
It was like; it was trying to capture Origami unharmed--------just like it was here to
prevent Origami to advance further.
"…………………., don't disturb-------"
Avoiding by jumping backwards, Origami quivered her throat in detest. Even
though danger was getting to closer to Shidou, she was stuck doing this.
And thus-----at that moment.
"……………Tobiichi Origami, what are you doing. Outside is dangerous, hurry up
and come back into the hotel"
Origami exiting the hotel was probably told by someone, coming from the direction
Origami came from, the sleepy voice of teacher Murasame Reine echoed.
"-------Sensei, go back-----"
But, faster than Origami finishing her sentence, the doll that was confronting
Origami, *creak**creak* turned its head towards Reine direction.
"……………..hmm? who are you. I'm sorry but our student………….."
And, she said that towards to the doll, Reine stopped her words. Most probably she
finally, noticed the object she directed her voice to was not human.
But, it was already too late. The doll changed its target to Reine from Origami,
swinging its log-like arm in full vigor, it charged towards Reine.
"Kuh-----------"
After Origami exhaled her breath, she immediately kicked the floor and pushed
Reine away.
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
233 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
And then, the next moment.
"Ka-----ha…………."
Receiving a heavy strike in the stomach from the doll, Origami got blown
backwards easily.
Her side intensely hurt and her breathing became difficult. Her consciousness turned
hazy and her eyes turned blurry.
"Sensei……………..hurry, run aw……….."
At the same time, with the image of the doll's shadow drawing near to Reine's back
in her view, Origami's consciousness fell into the darkness.
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
234 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
235 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 9
"----------uh! Vice commander, around the vicinity of the northern part of Arubi
Island, a tremendous storm has occurred!"
Together with the alarm ringing in the bridge of the [Fraxinus] floating above Arubi
island, [Deep love] Minowa shouted.
"A storm…………occurred?"
Kannazuki who is standing beside the captain seat gently brushed his chin
doubtfully. Wind is something from the flow of air. Normally, it is not something
that suddenly occurs in a starting point.
"Is there any contact from Analysis officer Reine?"
"Nothing!"
Kannazuki *Fumu* groaned. They were supposed to be contacted In case a problem
occurs.
"Please try by opening the line here once. It's okay even if there is nothing"
"Roger!"
However, the crew member who started operating the console, immediately let out a
doubtful voice.
"The connection…………won't connect. I'm afraid there is something blocking the
communications!"
"Fumu?"
Kannazuki moved his eyebrows with a twitch. Even until making us attempt to open
the communication line on this side, and the source of the blocking is still not
detected, what on earth------
But, his decision was very fast. Without even waiting for a few seconds, he gave a
command to the crew.
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
236 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
"There is no choice. It is a little dangerous but, let's send the communication
personals directly there. After lowering the altitude to 1000 meters, transfer the
personals to the Arubi island northern block and conduct the communication via the
deployed <Yggd. Folium>. After that please confirm the safety of Analysis officer
Murasame Reine, Shidou-kun and also Tohka-kun"
""----Roger!""
Responding to Kannuzuki's command, the crew operated the console.
When they did that, a low driving sound echoed across the bridge, and their bodies
had a slight floating feeling similar to being inside an elevator.
Without even needing a few minutes, [Fraxinus] descended to 1000 meters altitude in
the sky of the Arubi Island from 15000 meters above.
"We have reached to the designated target. There is no reaction from the permanent
Territory"
[Fraxinus] has 8 Control Realizer's and 10 large-type basic Realizer installed,
normally the surroundings of the ship have the Territory deployed around it.
And that Territory then manipulate the visible light rays, making the giant ship body
of the <Fraxinus> invisible. Not only that, it was also made to automatically evade
the moment a plane or bird touches the Territory to avoid collision.
But, during the occasion of transferring machinery or humans to the ground from
the teleporter located in the lower section of the ship or, when the independent unit
<Yggd .Folium> equipped in the back of the ship is activated, the invisibility will
then be interrupted for a few seconds.
Therefore, whenever they use the <Yggd. Folium> and make a communication relay
point in lower altitude point, they would have to be careful and check whether there
is an aircraft around to avoid having the <Fraxinus> being sensed by its radar.
"Okay. Well then, please activate the <Yggd. Folium>"
"Roger"
Together with Kannazuki's instruction, the invisible wall wrapping the [Fraxinus]
slowly disappeared.
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
237 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Similarly, on the altitude of 1000 meters above the sky of Arubi Island.
Inside DEM's 500 meter class airship <Arbatel>, the shout of the crew echoed
across.
"------!, Captain, There is a reading on the radar!"
"An aircraft?"
"No……this is, an airship!"
"…………what did you say?"
At the same time with Paddington doubtfully moving his eyebrows and siting on the
captain seat, the image of the sky was shown out on the main monitor.
It was not an aircraft, unmistakably that was an airship. Behind the ship with a sharp
form, there were several small heat sinks like object attached to it; it made him think
it was a giant tree.
"Where on earth did it appear from"
"The readings suddenly appeared. Most probably---------Invisible mode was used"
"What did you say? What's the identification number?"
"It's unknown. We cannot confirm the ship model falling under the DEM Company"
Paddington made a sullen face, and strokes his beard.
"An airship that has Invisible equipped……? Impossible. The ability to turn invisible
with the Territory was just made successful recently by the DEM industries"
Yes. Invisible is the DEM Company's completed latest Realizer the beta series of the
<Ashcroft> and it is the latest technology first implemented. The only ships that has
that equipped currently are, only 3 ships with the <Arbatel> included in the count.
And thus, at that moment, the heat sink-like object detached itself from the ship
being shown on the monitor, and floated midair independently.
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
238 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
And in the next moment, the ship that was being talked about once again vanished
into the sky as if it had finished its task.
"! The reading disappeared!"
The crew member who was observing the radar raised his voice.
There is without a doubt the unidentified ship had already used the installed Invisible
function. Using his eyes, he has confirmed that function.
But, that kind of thing should not be in existence--------
"……….., don't tell me"
Paddington opened his eyes wide in surprise. Speaking of which, he had heard of
something before.
The name of another organization that holds the Realizer besides DEM Company.
"---------<Ratatoskr> organization"
When Paddington said that word, the crew members that were in the bridge gulped
down their breath.
DEM's second executives--------if it was the people affiliated in the shadow
execution team of the DEM Company then, it was not weird that they have heard of
that name.
Yes. Paddington himself was told about that existence. --------from that person Isaac
Westcott.
Pretext, there is an organization with technology more advanced than DEM.
Pretext, there is an eccentric group that decides to settle the spacequakes with
peaceful ways.
Pretext----------that is, enemy.
"By any chance it is spotted, immediately--------eliminate it"
After Paddington released that from his mouth, *snicker**snicker* he laughed.
"I see, I have good luck"
DEM's
our
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
239 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
He stood up from that spot, and threw a command at his crews.
"Prepare the main cannon! Put magic from <Ashcroft-Beta> number 10 to number
20! The target is------the unidentified ship!"
"uh, Captain……………..it is better to ask for instructions from the executive Chief-
------"
A crew member said that with a distorted face anxiously. Paddington clicked his
tongue irritated. Even more than Paddington, are you saying that young girl words
are more important.
"Don't mind that! If the <Bandersnatch> team is there then it is enough for the
executive chief's mission! If that is maintained then there is no complains right!"
"Un, Understood…………."
As if getting overwhelmed by Paddington's manner of speaking, the crew members
started operating the console.
Soon enough a low driving sound echoed in the bridge and the <Arbatel> changed
its course.
"Cannon, magic charge complete!"
"Target, the area the unidentified ship disappeared to!"
"Invisible deactivate! Change the Territory property to anti-shock!"
After confirming the voices of the crew members, Paddington pointed his fingers
towards the screen and said it as if he was muttering.
"------Fire"
At the same time with the sound of rumbling, <Fraxinus> bridge was shaking
violently as if it got struck by an earthquake.
Noise ran through the monitor and the emergency call echoed loudly.
And then, suddenly a response appeared on the radar screen, and on the monitor that
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
240 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
was showing the exterior image, a giant craft appeared.
"………..!"
<Ratatoskr> crew member------Shiizaki Hinako instinctively used both her hands
and covered her head. Towards the impact she had never experienced before, her
head immediately turned into disarray.
But, that was only natural. In reality, a part of the crew that were on the bridge
showed the same reaction as Hinako.
It is true inside <Fraxinus>, in case of an emergencies, it is equipped with weapons
for battle.
When joining <Ratatoskr>, they are explained that there is a chance such battles will
occur, and they received battle training.
But--------at the very least Hinako had not experienced a real battle until now.
"------Left side port Territory, reduced by 20%!"
" number 30 is losing its output!"
"The craft damage is minor! But, what on earth is this-------"
The shouts of the bridges crew member flew around and mixed together.
"Tha,that was………..!"
After Hinako made a shrill voice, Kannazuki who was standing beside the
commander seat, *fumu* used his hands and touched his chin. Even though that was
such an intense shaking, his posture had not crumbled at all.
"Fumu, it looks like we are getting attacked. Even when approach this close and
readings are still not confirmed, this means……………….that side is also using
Invisible huh. This is weird. This technology should be impossible other than
Company's Realizer…………….."
"Heat source confirmed! A second attack is coming!"
"Opps-------Deactivate Invisible as well as Avoid. Please transfer all the generated
magic from the Basic Realizer to the Protect Realizer to activate it"
AR-008
Basic Realizer
Asgard
our
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
241 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
"Ro,Roger!"
Together with the shout of the crew members, the properties of the Territory
deployed around the <Fraxinus>, the Invisible changed to Protect mode.
In an instant, the shock inside the Bridge calmed down once again.
"kuh--------this power even with a protective barrier……….!?"
Kawagoe who was sitting on the lower bridge, groaned while making a frown with
his face. It was exactly as he said; it was an impact that makes one think the magic
from the camouflage effect was not transferred to the protective barrier.
"To bring out such a direct attack, it looks like they have great confidence in their
ships performance. Hnnn…………..this is nice, it makes me tremble. Aahh, make it
more rough!"
"………………….."
………….as expected this person is hopeless. Hinako opened her eyes half-way and
operated the console at her hands reach.
The ship will sink if this drags on. She opened the secret line and proceeded in
making an emergency call.
Before long, Commander Itsuka Kotori appeared on the screen.
"…………….Shiizaki? what's wrong, using the secret line. What on earth
happened?"
"It's an emergency! I'm begging you Commander, please take command………!"
After Hinako said it like a disaster was approaching, Kotori's face turned stern.
"Don't tell me, Kannazuki made a strange choice selection and made Tohka's mood
get worse again?"
"No, it's much more serious. If this goes on…………"
"That's what I am saying, what happened. …………..uh, don't tell me, Kannazuki
directly went in and barged in on school trip, and made a strip show in front of
Tohka or Shidou------!?"
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
242 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Kotori said that in a horrified state. *Bun**bun* Hinako shakes her head.
"No that's not it, it's an enemy………..! An unidentified airship appeared, and we are
under fire! If this keeps up <Fraxinus> will…………"
Hinako said that to her desperately. That was only normal. That's because her life is
being placed on the line.
But, the moment Kotori heard Hinako's words; she made a half-eyed look like she
just lost interest.
"Oh…….it's about that"
After saying that, she then made a sigh.
"I seriously thought that idiot went on ahead and done something stupid. Don't scare
me like that"
"I, it's about that--------it's a serious case for the ship you know…………!?"
When she made a shout, Kotori spread her hands as if stopping Hinako.
"It's okay, you don't have to worry that much"
"Ho,how can you be so calm………."
After Hinako said that in a hopeless feeling, Kotori shrugs her shoulder while
moving her lips.
"----That's because right now, Kannazuki is there right?"
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
243 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
244 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Chapter 5: The Light that Splits the
Wind
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
245 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
246 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 1
The forest that separated the Southern part and the Northern block of Arubi Island
was being mowed down by a violent hurricane.
Healthy green leaves and branches that appeared at the same time with summer were
now being blown and ripped into bits, and was thrown up into the sky, spinning as if
it was thrown into a mixer. Slender trees were being dug out and were being thrown
around the surroundings like a bullet.
This was exactly what the march of an outraged berserker means. The incarnation
of violence without reason, was all one could see with their eyes.
Who on earth could imagine this outcome.
---the main reason for that sudden storm was, brought forth from a big fight
between two young girls.
"------I thought about this before! You burden yourself alone and plan to deal with
it!"
As Kaguya was thrusting her giant lance while shouting, the tip of the lance spun
with high-speeds like a drill and produced a tremendous tornado. She mowed down
the lance pointing towards Yuzuru, as if she was going to clean sweep everything
with the tornado.
"Objection. That word, Yuzuru will return it back to Kaguya with a present wrapped
in excessive wrappings and have a paper card and ribbon attached on it………..!"
But Yuzuru, even though she was being approached with a cluster of destructive
wind, she was extremely calm and made a complicated move with her left hand.
When she did that, the pendulum Yuzuru was holding, squirmed around like it has its
own thoughts and formed a magic circle in front of Yuzuru. After it easily blocked
the tornado attack whirled up by Kaguya, it once again returned to string state and
then turned into a spiral state wrapping Yuzuru's body surroundings.
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
247 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
"You are too kind! Since I am willing to hand over the seat of the main personality,
you should just quietly accept it!"
"Reject. From the start, Yuzuru has no intentions to be the main personality"
"……………, how many hardships did you think I suffered losing skillfully in our
matches until now!"
"Objection. That also goes for Yuzuru too. Even though Yuzuru managed to gain
losing marks, it is not once or twice Kaguya made Yuzuru irritated for not attacking
back"
"The Yamai is the king of hurricanes that knocks down all creation! Aren't you the
only one suitable to be that!"
"Deny. That is a mistake. The true name of the Yamai, should be gained by Kaguya"
"uh, even though you can fly faster than me!"
"Kaguya is the one that has more power than Yuzuru"
"Even though you have better style than me!"
"Kaguya has prettier skin"
"Even though you are cuter!"
"Objection. Yuzuru cannot yield to that. It is obvious Kaguya is much cuter than
Yuzuru"
While exchanging words that sounds like a quarrel or not, Kaguya's lance that was
spinning in high revolution and Yuzuru's string that was complicatedly made into a
sword clashed together. The power was completely equal. The moment of impact,
the wind at the surroundings turned wild and attacked Shidou.
"Kuh…………………!"
Shidou curved his body while supporting Tohka, and somehow managed to resist it.
If his body did not have the protection of a Spirit then Shidou would have probably
been blown away by the wind by now. He was very confident of that because, the
fight between these two-----to put it correctly, the byproducts in the sidelines that
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
248 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
were dragged into it would suffer terrible damage.
Each time these two's Angels clashed, sudden gusts would spread around and
surrounding objects nearby would be plucked out from their roots and blown away.
But Shidou shook his head as if to shake away these thoughts, and glared at both of
them as he somehow resisted the wind and raised his body.
"Why………………"
Kaguya wants Yuzuru to live, Yuzuru wants Kaguya to live.
Both of them, thought this thoroughly about each other.
That is-----for the sake of the other, one would throw away even her own life.
But even so, why.
"Why-----did things turned out this way…………..!!"
Shidou raised shouts that would only crush his throat.
"Stop! Both of you! You guys, don't you love each other very much!"
He shouted but, there was no reaction coming from those two.
Whether it was because of the sound of the wind that Shidou's voice vanished or,
they could only hear each other's offences and defenses inside their dreams, or------
-they were ignoring him. Although he could not distinguish which one is it but, it is
certain Kaguya and Yuzuru were still going to continue their intense fight.
"Guh……………."
He was too powerless. Shidou covered his face with his hands while grinding his
teeth.
And then-------
"Shidou! Be careful! There is something here!"
Coming from his side, Tohka's voice echoed and made Shidou twitched his
shoulders.
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
249 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
He then looked around at his surroundings-------and raised his eyebrows.
"wha……………"
During the few seconds Shidou was chasing Kaguya and Yuzuru with his sights.
As if to surround Shidou and Tohka, around 10 humanly shaped shadows were
standing in a row.
No------wrong. Their bodies had limbs and a head just like normal human body but,
their shape was obviously different than those of a human's.
They have a range of slender body and smooth head like a full face helmet, they
also have legs with joints facing the opposite direction compared to humans and it
was stepped firmly into the ground. In opposed to that, their arms were large and it
somewhat gave an unbalanced impression.
Putting all of that in place was a glassy and smooth polished metal armor.
And also, he saw CR-unit looking parts on their bodies.
"Wha,what…………are these guys!"
In a hunchback-looking posture, he felt a mysterious unknown fear coming from
the group of dolls that were gradually closing their distances, Shidou released a
voice that sounded like a groan.
"DD-007 <Bandersnatch>……………….even if I say that, you still would not
understand"
When he said that, in response to the scream-like voice, a young girl walked out
from the background of the dolls.
---it was the attendant cameraman, Ellen Mathers.
"Ellen…….san?"
"Nu, you are……………."
When Tohka and Shidou let out their voices at the same time, Ellen made an
exaggerated nod.
"You finally came to a place with no people, Tohka-san. It looks like there is one
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
250 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
unnecessary person here but---------well, if that is all then it is still okay, I guess"
She said that and took a glance at Shidou, she then snorted uninterested.
"However, I am surprised. To think those two were Spirits.----------and what's more,
it's the primary target, the <Berserk>'s. It seems like they're good compensation for
all that piled up misfortune"
"Wha………….."
He unintentionally frowned. ------just now this girl called Kaguya and Yuzuru
<Berserk>.
"You……….who on earth are you. Don't tell me you're from the AST………….!?"
"!, houu………….."
When Shidou shouted full of detest, Ellen moved her eyebrows as if it was the first
time she found Shidou interesting.
"You know of the Anti-Spirit team of the JGSDF huh. --------but, sadly that is off"
She hung out her hand after saying that and as if following with that, the dolls called
<Bandersnatch> lowered their posture all at once and leaped towards Shidou and
Tohka's direction.
"Kuh--------"
Shidou immediately gasped instinctively and closed his eyes.
But, even after a few seconds, there was no impact running at his body.
He slowly opened his eyes thinking it was weird, and over there was,
"Mu…………..are you alright, Shidou"
Manifesting a limited Astral dress around her yukata, Tohka was there holding a
glowing sword <Sandalphon> in her hands. It looks like, the moment
<Bandersnatch> leap over; she released the limiter for her Maryoku, and deflected
the attack with <Sandalphon>.
And, looking at Tohka's state, Ellen, a little excited, opened her eyes wide.
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
251 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
"-------<Princess>. It really is the real thing as expected"
"uh, even Tohka's codename………….."
Shidou brought his eyebrow roots together. Even though he had to stop Kaguya and
Yuzuru as soon as possible, to think an unknown and mysterious enemy appeared
here.
But Ellen, as if she wasn't even bothered with what thoughts Shidou was having,
stretched her hands towards Tohka's direction as if she were trying to reach her.
"Tohka-san. Would you like to come together with me? I promise you will get the
best treatment"
"-----Don't bullshit!"
Together with Tohka yelling that, she pointed the tip of <Sandalphon> towards
Ellen.
"O, oi Tohka, isn't using <Sandalphon> towards a normal human a little too--------"
"Wrong"
"Eh……….?"
After replying Shidou's question, Tohka continued talking while glaring at Ellen
with a face covered with nervousness.
"I noticed this when we are facing each other like this for the first time. ------this
woman, has a really bad feeling about her. Yeah………..it feels like the AST aura
growing darker to its limits"
And, as if matching with what Tohka said, Ellen for the first time has made a smilelike
face by making the edges of her lips go up.
"What an interesting remark"
While saying that, Ellen leisurely spread both her hands as if she was taunting
Tohka.
When she did that, a pale glow immediately covered Ellen's body, and after a
moment, that body was equipped with a wiring suit and a CR-unit.
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
252 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Her suit has a different form from those of the AST's. It covered the important areas
of her body and the parts were meant to look like mechanical armor. And also, there
was a giant sword-like equipment on her back, which especially drew his attention.
"! Wha……………."
"-----<Bandersnatch> team, don't lay your hands for now. I want to have a little test
to know how strong the <Princess> I have heard about is."
After saying that, she pulled out the sword equipped on the back of her right hand,
and a sword of light manifested from the body of the blade.
As if to invite Tohka, *Gui*, the fingers on her left hand were bent and shown to
her.
"Don't look down on me……………..!"
Shouting, Tohka kicked the ground and head towards Ellen. At the same time, she
held up <Sandalphon> and hit down at Ellen's head with a speed that can't be
captured with his eyes.
But-----Ellen easily stopped that, with the sword held by one hand.
"Oh, is that it?"
"Kuh………….!"
Letting out an anguished voice, Tohka swung <Sandalphon> continuously.
However, all of the attacks were defended, and Ellen's unit did not even have a
single scratch on it.
"Haaah!"
"…………….."
After taking on the sword strikes several times, Ellen made a small sigh.
"……………….Is that all you have, <Princess>"
"Wha-----What did you say!?"
"I even went as far to equip <Pendragon> but-------it looks like it was not needed.
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
253 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
What a disappointment. Let's end this."
After saying that, Ellen swung down the giant laser blade at Tohka.
"Kuh------"
Tohka prepared <Sandalphon> to attempt to defend against that attack. But-------
""Eh…………?""
In the next instant, dumbfounded voices were leaked out of Shidou and Tohka's
throat at the same time.
But that was only natural. That was because, the moment Tohka took on Ellen's
sword strike, the body of <Sandalphon> that she made a stance with was easily
smashed into pieces.
"What…….is------"
After a short anguished moment, Ellen's attack easily blew Tohka's small body
backwards.
"Kuaah………..!"
Tohka's body was then grazed the ground several times, and fell down facedownwards.
Continuing with that, delayed in one beat, the smashed and repelled
away <Sandalphon> turned into light particles and melted away into the atmosphere.
"To,Tohka!"
After Shidou shouted, he tried to approach towards Tohka. But-------on the
directions towards her, two <Bandersnatch> appeared and obstruct Shidou from
advancing. There were several <Bandersnatch> starting to swarm together, at
Tohka's direction
"What a kill-joy. Please make her faint quickly and bring her to the <Arbatel>"
After saying that Ellen snapped her finger and the armor decorating her body
disappeared in an instant.
Afterwards, as if losing interest even on Tohka, she *pui* turned her face and
crossed her arms.
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
254 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
But, the predicament did not change. While still lying face-down and not moving,
both Tohka arms were grabbed by two <Bandersnatch> one on the left and the other
on the right and her body was carried up. And when he thought one more doll
walked towards the limp Tohka from the front, the hand that has claws growing out
of it was closing in onto Tohka's forehead.
"Gu------aa………-------"
Tohka let out a painful voice and twist her body.
"Tohka! What are you doing you bastards! Damn it, get lost!"
Even though he shouted, the dolls standing in front of him blocking his way did not
move. During the time he was like that, a painful voice that sounded of anguish and
shriek mixed together, echoed out of Tohka's throat.
"Tohka-------!"
Shidou raised a scream.
And absurd amount of powerless and despair feeling, overrun the inside of his head.
In the end, Shidou could not do anything.
Whether it is stopping Kaguya and Yuzuru or saving Tohka from the predicament.
The sealing ability that is inside his hands, was currently useless for this situation.
The only thing left was the healing ability borrowed from Kotori and the gained
Spirit protection from Tohka and the others.
---At the very least, one more. If only he had the power to cut this doll into pieces so
and through.
For some reason, Kurumi's-----the face of the worst Spirit that kills human with her
own will, passed the inside his head.
The feeling he had at that time, was the powerless feeling of not being to do
anything. In the end……….the despair from being unable to save Kurumi was
running around in his brain.
---not again, I don't want to go through that again.
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
255 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Shidou heard some kind of snapping sound inside his head.
I don't care if it is a one in a lifetime opportunity. I don't care if I only can do it once.
Right now in this hands, if I had the power to save Tohka-----!
"Tohkaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa----!"
In an instant------Shidou naturally, raised his right hand up.
And then.
"Eh………?"
When he let out his voice dumbfounded.
The moment he swung down the right hand that was raised up, the upper body of the
<Bandersnatch> standing and blocking in front of him, disappeared cleanly.
And one more <Bandersnatch> that was further front-------the head of the unit that
was restraining Tohka's hand was, slide diagonally off its place.
"*cough*………,*cough……………"
"This…………is"
Shidou, in a state where he found the thing he was seeing unbelievable, looked at his
own right hand.
Over there was.
When that happened, in a similar fashion where she was pulled, Tohka's body
collapsed to the ground.
---he was holding, a sword glowing in light.
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
256 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
257 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 2
"Set a Protect territory area towards 1'o clock, the coordinates 132-50-39. Radius
255-246"
"Ro,roger. Protect territory set; coordinates are 132-50-39. Radius 255-246"
Repeating Kannazuki's instruction again, <Deep love> Minowa quickly hit the
console.
When she did that, the Territory placed around the <Fraxinus> transformed, it
condensed into Kannazuki's instructed direction and radius, and an invisible wall
was constructed.
The next moment, right on that spot, the enemy's Maryoku cannon exploded on it.
Although an intense light wrapped the monitor projecting the ships outer image but,
there was only a small shake in the bridge.
""…………..""
All of the crew members of <Fraxinus> had all of their breath taken all at once.
The Protect territory, just as its name describes, is a special type of territory which
is placed for the goal of avoiding attacks to the interior area. Specifically, the wider
the radius of the territory gets the lower the strength becomes but, if it condenses
and wraps just barely around the surface of the target then the strength of it
increases remarkably.
But, just now what Kannazuki instructed was one level ahead. It was a method where
a wall-like territory was condensed only towards a specific spot.
Naturally, if that was done then the strength of the Territory would exceedingly
increase. The result of it, was right now experienced by all of the crew members.
But, that is an extremely dangerous double-edge sword.
It was a simple reason. If the territory was deployed on a limited radius, then the
other parts will turn into a completely defenseless state.
"------next, on the same direction, designate a Protect territory with the radius 50.69"
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
258 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
"Fi,fifty point sixty nine……..!?"
"Please hurry, if not we will die. ----------aah, but it's true that, I always wanted to get
the feeling of pain from a near death experience, I don't know what to do
anymo…………."
"Protect Territory designated, radius is 50.69!"
In the middle of Kannazuki's words, the Territory was deployed on the designated
spot. Then on the very small set radius Territory, an even more powerful Maryoku
cannon was released on it.
Most likely, it was a power that would damage the ship's body if the previous setting
was used. That is why Kannazuki designated the activation into one with a smaller
radius, as if he has foreseen that.
What's more, it was not once or twice.
Actually after the first cannon hit, the number of Maryoku cannons released was 12
times. And all of it was precisely avoided by Kannazuki Kyouhei.
It is true that there is only one enemy. The attack direction could roughly be
estimated. Following theory, it was probably not impossible. But-----
"Well then, I somehow managed to grasp the rhythm. In reality I wanted to be
tortu…………. Attacked a little more but, I can't have more damages be placed on
commander Itsuka's world tree"
After Kannazuki suddenly hang out his hands as if to collect everyone's attention, he
then glared at the enemy ship shown on the main monitor.
"------Prepare the convergence Maryoku cannon <Mystletainn>"
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
259 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
260 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
"Why can't it hit!"
Paddington hit the handrails of the captain seat with his clenched fist together with
releasing an angry roar.
Even though they were shooting the Maryoku cannon multiple times just now, but
the <Ratatoskr> ship was still floating in the sky.
What's more, when this side intercepts them, they won't take an evasive action but
rather they were sitting in one spot while accurately defending themselves from the
cannon attacks.
Yes------it was like they were making a fool out of this <Arbatel>.
"Th,the moment the cannon attack reached them, it seems that a Protect territory was
deployed on the estimated place of impact!"
"Don't joke with me! How could anyone do something like that!"
"Bu,but----"
When the crew was about to say anything, the alarm in the bridge rang and echoed.
"! Heat source confirmed! The enemy ship, is concentrating Maryoku on the main
cannon located at the tip of the ships body!"
"Kuh…………. Turn right at 1-0-4! Transfer all the generated Maryoku to the
Protect Territory!"
"Roger. Turning right at 1-0-4"
Following Paddington's command, the <Arbatel> moved the direction of its giant
body.
The next moment, when he thought a glittering light appeared on the tip of the
enemy ship, an intense torrent of Maryoku was released out from it.
It pierced through the Territory of the <Arbatel> which has its course diverted, and
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
261 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
then passed through after scratching the ship's body, it then cut open the clouds
before disappearing to the end of the sky. An intense shaking attacked the bridge of
the <Arbatel>.
"Damn it----------------Damn it damn it damn ittttttttt!"
After Paddington shook his throat, he then released the next command.
"Turn all of the driving force of the <Ash Croft-beta> to maximum from number
50! After shrinking the size of the Territory until 3 meters above the surface of the
ship, turn left! All speed ahead! scrape of the enemy ship's territory!"
"Ro,roger…………….!"
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
262 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
263 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 3
"ahh~ahh~, Origami is having a vacation on the southern island by now. I'm so
envious?"
In a hanger part of the JSDF Tenguu garrison, Mily was tapping on a thin tablet
while fanning herself and mumbling in a slow tone.
"Move your hand instead of your mouth"
And, while Ryouko was sighing as if she'd given up, she then pulled on the goggle
worn on Mily's fore head and quickly let her hand go. *smack* together with that
sound, an impact shock ran on Mily's forehead, and she toppled backwards.
"Ouch! Wha, what was that for!"
"Here, the next one is this. I am going to be using this later so hurry it up"
After saying that, she showed one of the Combat Realizer unit she obtained, the laser
knuckles <Nut Crackers>. Coming from the metal covering the fist and the forearm
of the glove, a single cable extended towards Mily.
It was a close-combat specialized equipment which allows the user to perform handto-
hand combat by cladding the fist with Maryoku generated by the Realizer but, due
to the reach being extremely short, it was a special equipment with not many users
even in the team. At the very least, Ryouko is probably the only one that took this as
a main equipment on her own accord.
"Mouu…………..Ryouko resort to violence every single time-. Please take care of
the mechanics head----"
While complaining, Mily took the cables in her hand and connected it to the cable;
she then touched the screen and commenced tuning the equipment.
"What are you saying. I am the seriously kind type. The captain when I was assigned
to the AST was, dangerous enough that remembering back makes it repulsive"
Like that, Ryouko said that while her face turned pale as if she remembered
something scary. Mily faced towards her while operating the tablet.
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
264 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
"Dangerous……………..was she that strict?"
"Rather than strict, how should I put it"
"? What do you mean?"
When Mily asked with a doubtful face, Ryouko continued talking as if she was
troubled.
"Let's see. For example, she would probably hit us for talking useless chatter like
right now"
"Yeah yeah"
"Also, if someone quietly goes near the captain, and *pon*……………..placed their
hands on her shoulders. If that happens then it's an out. On that whole day, you have
to wear an embarrassing cosplay shirt chosen by the captain. Of course in the
middle of training too, they have to wear it on top of the wiring suits"
"Eehh…………."
Mily raised her eyebrows as much as she could. On that moment her fingers went
into disorder and there was number errors popping out. While correcting it in
panic, she talked back to Ryouko.
"Yo, you mean costume play"
"Yes. ………….and what's more, that was just the beginning. The second out, was a
penalty with that person in cosplay state and an add-on of stepping on the captain"
"Heh? They have to step on the captain-san?"
"Yes. The members that received the penalty have to step on the captain"
Mily twitched her cheeks while letting sweat float on her forehead.
"Why is that"
"I wonder………..but well, everyone became systematic from being disgusted"
"Err, then, what will happen in the 3rd warning………."
"…………………you want to hear?"
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
265 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Sensing a serious feeling coming from Ryouko's expression who said that, Mily
*swing**swing* swung her head.
"Th, that captain has quite a personality"
"…………..well, I guess so. There might be a chance if I run through the filter of
beautiful Japanese words, probably only a very little amount left has, the possibility
of forming that kind of euphemistic expression"
"Ha,haha……….."
Towards Ryouko who was unusually using a black manner of speaking, Mily
unintentionally made a wry smile.
But, [however] Ryouko continued talking with that word.
"It is true that person is an unthinkable pervert but………….his skills are the real
thing. Without joking, that person's with the Realizer was a level different from the
other members. There is no mistake that person is the AST's ace"
"Ha,haa, is that so. ………….err, then, why is that person not here? If that person
was that strong then, the higher ups would have their eyes on that person"
When Mily said that, Ryouko raised her eyebrows as if she was bewildered.
"That is…………….I don't really know. Suddenly one day [I, I have to go find a
suitable master who I can serve! Aah, forgive me my comrade's in arm! Don't stop
me my companion! So long my sworn friend!] That person said something like that
and disappeared. Just in case, that person seems to have left a slight reinstatement
wish before taking a register…………."
After saying that, she shrugged her shoulders.
"Seriously…………I wonder what that person is doing"
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
266 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
267 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 4
"<Mystletainn>, was avoided……….!"
"Oyah, I missed huh. Hnn, as expected, it would seem I am weak in attacking"
When Kannazuki said it jokingly, the crew members all together made a powerless
wry smile.
"----! Enemy ship is coming this way!"
"I see, it's coming to scrape off our Realizer directly"
A battle between ships equipped with Realizers, if thought carefully, would come to
a conclusion of, whether which ship would be the first one to tear off the opponent's
territory.
Kannazuki *fumu* made a breath before releasing a loud voice.
"Set all of the Basic Realizer to parallel drive. Please transfer all the generated
Maryoku to the Territory. At the same time shrink the area. Squeeze it until it is 2
meters after the ship's surface"
"Roger, AR- 008 from machine 1 to 10, parallel drive activate"
"Aah, and also for the Control Realizer too, please leave one and have the others to
generate Maryoku"
"Rog------eh?"
The crew member, who faithfully repeated after Kannazuki, stopped his words.
But that was probably a natural reaction.
<Fraxinus> is equipped and largely divided into 2 kinds of Realizers. The Basic
Realizer with the purpose of generating Maryoku for the use of the cannon and
Territory, and the Control Realizer with the purpose of controlling the Basic
Territory.
As long as the Control Realizer remains as a Realizer, although it is inefficient, it is
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
268 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
possible to generate Maryoku like the Basic Territory. It is certain; in order to
oppose the approaching enemy ship with large Maryoku output, this kind of method
is probably the only way left.
However, by abandoning a large portion of the Control Realizer would mean, it
would be equivalent to taking the CPU out of a computer. Even if generating large
Maryoku output becomes possible, there might be a chance that it would not be even
possible to set it to the Territory.
After Kannazuki groaned thinking that it was normal the crew members would
uneasy, he took a black headset from the back of the captain seat, and equipped it on
his head.
"-------It's going to be alright. If it's about the replacement for the Control Realizer,
it's over here"
He said that and pointed his fingers to his head.
"Eh?"
"Leave the explanations to later. If you don't want the <Fraxinus> to fall then, please
follow my instructions"
"Uh------Roger…………! Control Realizer------machine number 2 to number 8,
switching to Maryoku generation!"
After the crew members operated the console, in an instant, the Territory that
wrapped around the <Fraxinus> disappeared.
---And was immediately restored.
"Im,impossible…….."
"Vice-commander, what on earth did you do?"
"What, the basics are no different from the AST's wiring suits. They use their own
brain waves to control the Maryoku generated by the Realizer right?"
"Control…………..the aircraft's equipped Control Realizer is 7 times from that you
know……..!?"
"Leave the talking to later. It's coming"
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
269 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
At the same time with Kannazuki saying that, the bridge's alarm rang and echoed.
"Enemy ship, the Territory output is rising!"
"Fuun…………are you coming to attack? To this <Arbatel>"
"Contact with Territory! Please prepare for impact!"
The same time with the crew member shouting, the <Arbatel>'s bridge was shaking
intensely like an earthquake had struck.
"Kuuh, activate the Territory radius! Condense it onto the contact surface with the
enemy ship! We'll crush them in one go!"
"Roger! Territory radius activates!"
The crew members operated the console. And thus, the Territory deployed on the
ship's surface, shrunk towards the enemy ship's direction. The enemy ship has still
not shown any signs of movement.
I've won------! Paddington grasp his fist tightly. On the time of contact, judging by
the impact, the Territory output is most likely equal. Since this side managed to
shrink the area first, the strength of it should grow. If they were to shrink it now,
they would not make it. The poor <Ratatoskr>'s ship was crushed by the <Arbatel>--
-----
"………………!?"
At that moment, Paddington opened his eyes wide in shock.
Suddenly, the sound of explosion echoed from the back of the <Arbatel>.
He thought it was a cannon attack from the enemy ship for an instant but, that was an
unthinkable cause. That's because, the sound of the explosion happened after the
enemy ship crossed to the opposite side.
"What is it, what on earth happened!?"
"The starboard has slight damages! It is confirmed to be damage from an outer
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
270 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
impact!"
"Outer impact…………!? Is it enemy fire!?"
"I, I don't know! The cause is unknown!"
The crew member raised a shrill voice. And thus, another crew member raised a
shout as if he was following the one before him.
"Uh! Captain, there's a big problem! From that explosion, block B2 has caught on
fire, the control room used for controlling the <Bandersnatch> team for far
distances has been damaged!"
"What did you say………..!? Hurry and extinguish the fire!"
"Wha, what was that just now…………"
In the bridge of <Fraxinus> after the tremor calmed down, Hinako was looking at
the enemy ship retreat while mumbling dumbfounded.
Even though the enemy shrunk the size of their Territory and increased its strength,
when they got impatient on Kannazuki for not showing any signs of making any
counter-measures, the enemy ship suddenly caught on fire, and distances itself from
the <Fraxinus>.
What's more, the part where the enemy ship got damaged was totally different from
the place it came in contact with <Fraxinus>. Who on earth could have attacked the
enemy ship.
It would seem Hinako was not the only one having that doubt. A big portion of the
crew shortens their words, and sent their sights towards Kannazuki.
When Kannazuki noticed everyone's stares, he then shrugs his shoulders and hit the
small monitor on his arm reach.
As if, to tell everyone to look at their hands.
Obeying that gesture, the crew members looked at their own monitors--------and
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
271 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
their eyes stared into wonder.
On it was the enemy ship making a rotation while caught on fire and------ they
confirmed a small leaf-like silhouette using Invisible mode.
"This is-----<Yggd folium> ……..?"
Yes. Just now, right before the enemy ship appeared, it was the independent unit that
was released to set a relay point for communications with Arubi Island.
Everyone understood at once. And at the same time, was horrified.
In the <Yggd folium>, many types of small-scaled Realizers was equipped on it. By
using that, they will be able to remote control it from <Fraxinus>, and possibly
activate the Territory on it.
But, to be able to deploy the Territory would mean, it could not serve its purpose of
only capturing signals.
Kannazuki controlled that object that was released to make a communication relay
from a distance, and used it as a mine.
But, even in normal conditions, he was able to compensate for the Control Realizer
which created the strain of 7 Realizers while remote controlling something so
small, it was offhand unbelievable.
Probably realizing what everyone thoughts are, Kannazuki moved his lips.
"Well, how should I say this. It is quite sad I guess, no matter how advanced the
technology one has, right now people could, not create a head for a single human"
After saying that, he shrugged his shoulders.
No, there is no way such humans exist, these thoughts------were apparently not
caught on by him.
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
272 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
273 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 5
"Wha………..this is-----<Sandalphon>……..?"
Shidou raised his voice while being shocked at the sword that appeared in his right
hand.
A Wide Blade giving off a glowing light. A hand guard with delicate craftsmanship
applied on it.
Yes. That is without a doubt, Tohka's [Miracle that holds a shape] -----Angel
<Sandalphon>.
"Shi,dou………..? wh,why can Shidou use <Sandalphon>……….!?"
Tohka was also shocked while looking at Shidou's direction.
But that was probably normal. That's because <Sandalphon>, which was just
shattered by Ellen, had appeared in Shidou's hand.
But---------while Shidou was surprised, He was somewhat aware of himself to be
able to accept the situation calmly.
Shidou's healing abilities doesn't belong to him in the first place; it was something
that appeared after sealing Kotori's Reiryoku.
Judging by that, the others-------if Shidou's body who has the Maryoku of the spirits
sealed inside of it, has become adapted to it.
Then it is possible to think, he is able to use the power of other Spirits.
And in reality, there is actual proof proving that hypothesis to be correct.
---due to the Angel manifesting.
"Angel…………? What's more, it's the same as <Princess>'s……….? That was
supposed to be broken by me just now. Before anything else, why is someone like
you able to------"
Ellen, who was uninterested just now, suddenly changed and looked at Shidou with
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
274 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
eyes that reflect inquisitiveness.
"You call yourself Itsuka-----Shidou right? What on earth are you?"
"……………human. As far as it goes"
"……………"
After Ellen frown her eyebrows from hearing Shidou's reply, she then hang her
hands upwards. Following that movement, the surrounding <Bandersnatch>'s
lowered their posture as if to show their alertness.
"I've change my mind. Itsuka Shidou. I will have you come with us too. I don't
recommend resisting"
"guh………….."
Shidou gripped onto <Sandalphon> while making a sullen face.
It is true Shidou just now has managed to make two <Bandersnatch>'s go into
suspension state. Above having the remaining eight <Bandersnatch>'s moving in
alert mode, there is that unidentified Wizard who has easily beaten Tohka in limit
break mode waiting at the far back.
It was easy to imagine how difficult it would become in succeeding to run away with
Tohka in this situation.
"<Bandersnatch> team. Please capture him. If there is resistance then I don't mind
breaking his arms and legs"
Ellen said that and swung down the hand that was hanging out towards Shidou.
At the same time, the <Bandersnatch> that was deployed in the surroundings,
attacked Shidou all at once.
"Kuh, why you………..!"
He suddenly swung <Sandalphon> he was holding in his hand but, the sword strike
he did just now did not come out. The dimly light blade was only drawing traces in
the dead night.
Naturally, those strikes did not hit the <Bandersnatch>'s. Easily dodging Shidou's
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
275 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
attack, the <Bandersnatch>'s extended its arm towards Shidou's right hand which
was holding <Sandalphon>.
"Eh……..?"
Suddenly, when he thought the sound of a button being pushed sounded, the
mechanical dolls surrounding Shidou and Tohka, had sparks bursting out from their
heads and their bodies twisted.
"What on earth, is going on……………."
He frowned his eyebrows doubtfully. The mechanical dolls that were moving
fluently until now were, starting to move awkwardly like an electronic toy that
suddenly had its power cut off.
Looking at that, Ellen who was staring at the sword being gripped by Shidou's hand,
distorted her face inexplicably. And as if she realized something, she placed her
hand on her ear and starting moving her lips.
"The <Bandersnatch> team's response is getting disturbed. Did something happen"
And then, she shook her throat as if moaning.
"------Control Realizer got hit? What do you mean by that. ………….uh, a battle
with an aircraft? I don't remember giving any orders like that-----"
"…………..!"
I can't let this opportunity get away. Shidou immediately kicked the ground and
quickly grabbed Tohka's hand before running away from that spot at full speed.
"Wha………..what, what happened?"
"I don't know! But this is a chance!"
He said that and as if to get away from the dolls, he ran towards the forest.
"! We can't let them get away. Please chase them"
At the same time with Ellen letting out her command from behind, a few numbers of
the <Bandersnatch> moved its head towards Shidou to give chase.
But------after immediately moving their hands and legs randomly like broken
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
276 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
marionettes, they then fell down.
"Kuh………what are you doing!"
Ellen clicked her tongue as if she gotten impatient before, started running to catch
Shidou and Tohka herself.
But, at that moment.
"Uguuu!?"
She then step on the hole opened up on the ground, and *Suteen*! Fell inside.
"Wh,why is there a hole in a place like this…………..!? Don't tell me, this is the high
speed hole digging----"
Incidentally at that moment, one <Bandersnatch> like it was leaning towards Ellen,
fell inside.
"Eh, u, uwaahh!?"
It would seem it was a catastrophic idea to nonchalantly release the CR-unit after
bringing Tohka down. Ellen in a state where she has gotten ambushed got buried
under the heavy-looking mechanical doll.
"Th, this is impossible………I, I am the strongest……..wizard------Mukyuuu"
After raising an odd voice, she totally stopped moving.
But even so, since he doesn't know when Ellen would wake up or when the
<Bandersnatch> functions would recover. Shidou stopped looking back and faced
forward, *Gou**gou* he then ran inside the sound of winds.
And then, wondering how much he advanced.
"……………! That is----"
"-------muu"
Shidou and Tohka who were running side by side, shook their throats at the same
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
277 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
time.
Yes. On the sky above the forest that was having its trees mowed down, they saw
Kaguya and Yuzuru clashing at each other repeatedly.
"Kaguya------Yuzuru!"
Originally, they had to get away from Ellen as fast as possible but-------Shidou
unintentionally stopped his legs.
If he does not stop both of them here and now, mostly likely the battle between both
of them would conclude here.
And the conclusion would mean-------Kaguya and Yuzuru, either one of them would
be annihilated.
By any chance if the results were not decided here, it would be the same thing as
both of them LOST towards the other world.
In order to save both of them, Shidou has to seal their Spirit powers, right here and
right now.
"Both of you! Stop it! There might be a way where both of you can live!"
Even when he shouted, it looks like they did not hear his voice. Although the
distance between them was not that far, the wall of wind swirling around both of
them probably shut-out any sound coming from the outside.
"Kuh, what should I-------"
Shidou said that and suddenly opened his eyes wide, before looking down on his
right hand.
Right there, he was still holding Tohka's Angel <Sandalphon>.
Yes. If it is the Angel's strike that defeated the <Bandersnatch> then, it might be
possible to slice off the storm wall covering Kaguya and Yuzuru.
Naturally, he does not think both of them can be stopped by only that. But, Shidou
averted his attention away for an instant; it might be possible to let them hear what I
have to say.
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
278 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
It was a weak possibility. But, that is the only way.
"Sorry Tohka, Please get away from me a little bit………..!"
"Mu………….? U,umu"
After Tohka groaned honestly, she separated herself from Shidou's hand and walked
a few steps behind.
After Shidou confirmed that from the edge of his view, he made a stance with
<Sandalphon> with both his hands, and slashed down towards the winds covering
Kaguya and Yuzuru as if he was trying to cut it.
"Haaaaaaa!"
But-------<Sandalphon> did not release the light like that time it first shown it.
"Kuh…………"
He tried multiple times but, the results were the same. <Sandalphon> was only
cutting the air around the radius of its blade,it would not show its absolute authority
compared to when Tohka handles it.
"It's no use………………"
Shidou clenched his teeth, and gripped <Sandalphon>'s handle harder.
But, not yet. Shidou turned his neck and faced towards <Sandalphon>'s real master.
"Tohka…………! I beg you, use <Sandalphon> and stop those two!"
"What……….?"
Tohka let out her voice doubtfully. But, probably after looking at Kaguya and
Yuzuru who were violently clashing and looking at Shidou's unusual behavior, she
guessed the situation and nodded as if she discarded all hindering thoughts.
"Sorry, I beg you…………!"
After saying that, he pointed <Sandalphon>'s grip towards Tohka, and held it out to
her.
"Umu, leave it to me"
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
279 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
After Tohka nodded once more, she took <Sandalphon> in her hands. However------
"…………….uh"
At that moment, she made a small breath and brought her eyebrow roots together.
"Tohka………….?"
"-----------it's no use. The me right now can't swing this <Sandalphon>"
"Eh?"
When Shidou made question marks float, Tohka stared at Shidou's eye's intensely
while continuing on.
"<Sandalphon> is not an ordinary sword. It's an [Angel] manifested by the wish of
the user who has Spirit Maryoku. It'll be different if I am in full Reiryoku state but,
right now, I can't use <Sandalphon> which was summoned by Shidou's wish"
"No way----then…………"
Shidou raised his face with a desperate feeling.
In the sky, the two Spirits were still, continuing mercilessly and going all-out to let
the other one live.
While praising the opponent each time they open their mouth.
Considering carefully about the opponent while throwing punches and kicks at the
opponent.
While conveying their affections with each attack thrown.
Hopelessly loving each other, it was the continuation of this distorted fight by these
hopeless bunglers.
---In order to kill themselves.
"No way…………..like I can allow that!"
Shidou shouted and grasped <Sandalphon>'s handle tightly, and swung once more.
Of course, there was no difference compared to just now. But, there was no other
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
280 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
way. Without giving up, he repeated it for the 2nd and 3rd time.
"Damn it, damn it……………! Isn't there a way! If this continues, both of them
will………"
If Shidou uses the sealed powers, he can seal both of their Reiryoku. If he did that
then maybe, both of them don't have to turn into one Yamai and can continue staying
in that state.
He does not have to step into the middle of the storm. But just on strike. If only he
could slice the wind with that one strike, and direct both of their attention towards
Shidou----!
And, Tohka placed her hands on Shidou's shoulder.
"………….., Tohka?"
He returned his face to Tohka back from looking up at the sky, and Shidou gulped.
---Tohka's hand placed on his shoulders was, not something kind as if to comfort
Shidou's frustration, but instead it was strong as if she was scolding him harshly.
"I'm kind of jealous. To have Shidou say something like that"
"Tohka……………?"
When Shidou let out a semi-dumbfounded voice, Tohka made a bitter smile for an
instant before nodding with all her strength.
"Although I said it just now but, as expected, I think there is no other choice other
than everyone talking and understanding each other. If Shidou knows a way to let
both of them live, then Kaguya and Yuzuru would probably lower their swords"
It was very simple, but it was true.
"But, what should we-----"
"----I said it before, the <Sandalphon> right now, is something summoned from
Shidou's wish. If that is the case, if it isn't Shidou who will grant it then who else
will"
"…………! Me………….?"
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
281 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
After Tohka nodded, Shidou grasped the handle tightly. She then brought her body
to Shidou's back, and wrapped her hands around Shidou's body as if she was
planning to swing <Sandalphon> together with him.
But…………..as one would expect, their body physique were too different. After
[Muu……..] groaning, this time she passed under Shidou's arm and came in front.
While both of them were in a haori[5E 1]-like state, on Shidou's hand which was
gripping onto <Sandalphon>'s handle, she gently accompanied her hands together
with his.
"Tohka…………"
"Calm your heart. And remember back. What Shidou wants to do now. What is the
thing Shidou wishes for now. Other things now are trivial. Ignore it. Only one,
imagine your wish in your heart and swing the sword.-------if you do that, the Angel
will definitely answer you"
"…………………"
Shidou gulped, closed his eyes, and thinly exhaled.
Following what Tohka said, he calmed his heart down and arranged his breathing.
He placed his thoughts away, whether it's the sound of the wind shaking his
eardrums, or the storm disturbing his hair, or even the soft and warm feeling from
Tohka that is being transmitted to his chest and hands, but only one was imagined in
his heart.
Kaguya and Yuzuru. Whether its coincidence or inevitability, the Spirit that was
separated into two.
The moment they were born, a created existence with the fate of either one of them
having to disappear.
But even confirming that and yet------both of them right now, in order to let the
other live, they are fighting with their beloved other half.
Shidou grinded his teeth.
"------Like hell, I will, let that happen"
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
282 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Yes. Even when both of them are idiotically kind, something like either one of them
having to disappear is just, something that shouldn't be.
That's why, before both of them finish their battle.
An absolute and ruthless strike that will crush both of their so called noble battle----!
"…………….!?"
Shidou immediately opened his eyes. <Sandalphon>'s blade was emitting a strong
light that couldn't even be compared from just now.
Shidou fixed his grip back, and Tohka was too, added strength to her hand that was
accompanying his, she then brought her head forward.
Shidou once again lifts his head up and captured the bunglers that were making a
ruckus unfolding in the sky into his sights.
And then.
"OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOhhhhhhhhhhhhhh-------!"
Together with a shout, swing <Sandalphon> down aiming at the sky.
In an instant, light overflowed out of <Sandalphon>-------as if the sword strike made
by the blade was extending, it extended towards the sky.
And then <Sandalphon>'s light easily sliced through the castle of wind that was
blowing violently, and passed between Kaguya and Yuzuru before going into the
sky. Splitting the cloud that was swirling into two, the face of the moon that was
hiding until now was brought out.
When that happened, the wind that was blowing around ceased like it was a lie, and
he heard voices filled with confusion.
"Wha------"
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
283 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
"Uneasiness. This is……….."
Kaguya and Yuzuru who were directing their lance and pendulum at each other,
opened their eyes in surprise and probably looking for the source of that sword
strike, both of them directed their eyes downwards.
After both of them recognized Shidou's figure there, both of them raised their
eyebrows.
"Shidou………….!? That just now, was that you…………..?"
"Shock. Impossible. That was a tremendous amount of Reiryoku"
Shidou used <Sandalphon> like a walking stick, and while he was supported by
Tohka, as if to respond to both of their question, he opened his mouth.
"Kaguya-----Yuzuru……….!"
One strike. Even it was just one strike, his whole body hurts like crazy. But, if he let
this chance go, there might be a chance his voice won't reach anymore. Saying it
until his throat felt like it was getting crushed, he raised a loud voice.
"I beg you………..stop, fighting!"
However when Shidou appealed to them, Kaguya and Yuzuru distorted their face in
displeasure.
"………….you, didn't you heard me? Me and Yuzuru, can only exist when one of us
absorbs the other"
"Agree. That is exactly right. Please do not bother us. Right now Yuzuru has to give
a lesson to this blockhead Kaguya, until Kaguya understands she is an excellent
Spirit"
"Uh, You're still saying that………….! I already told you it can't be helped if
someone like me doesn't survive!? Why can't you understand! Yuzuru! You should
be the one to live!"
"Deny. Yuzuru doesn't think so. Kaguya should be the one live"
"Why are you so………..!"
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
284 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
"Enraged. Kaguya too------"
"------I!"
If he let this momentum go on then, the hardly achieved interruption would go to
waste and the battle would start again. He raised his voice as if to interrupt both of
their words.
"I didn't plan to stop being the judge of your battle! I------will choose! The Spirit
suitable for being the true Yamai! The one who should stay alive!"
""…………!"
When Shidou said that, Kaguya and Yuzuru opened their eyes wide in shock-----the
immediately glared at Shidou with piercing stares.
But, they didn't try to say anything to him. Tentatively, they plan to hear what he has
to say.
However it was easy to understand the reason for their fixed stares. Coming from
both sides, he felt a pressure strong enough to give him chills on his skin.
…………..the point is, both of them are thinking like this. It will be okay if you
choose the opponent. But if you try to choose me, then I will pierce your heart before
you finish the name.
And since they are the wind spirit <Berserk>. They probably have the power to
make it reality.
Shidou made a gulp nervously before opening his mouth.
And, he placed his choice in his voice and let it out.
"The one I choose is------Both of you!"
Shidou voice echoed throughout the forest that has silence brought out when the
wind stopped.
Kaguya and Yuzuru stared at Shidou for a few seconds before--------both of them,
released a big sigh together.
"………….What's up with that. Are you joking with us?"
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
285 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
"Scorn. It's an answer below elementary school level. A guy with no decisiveness is
disgraceful"
After saying, both of them released a given up voice.
But, Shidou wasn't planning on joking around; he wasn't also planning to make fun
of them. He seriously, continued his words.
"-----It can't be helped! Since both of you have many different good things about
you, I can't choose!"
"Wha………"
".…………….."
Kaguya's cheeks turned red while Yuzuru opened her eyes halfway.
"Many you say…….…..Don't say it like you know about it! What can someone like
you------"
"I know! At the very least, I know something for each one of you faster than both of
you did!"
"………….Question. And that is?"
Towards Yuzuru question, Shidou clutched his fist while squeezing his throat.
"For Kaguya, the thought and feelings she has for Yuzuru, is much stronger than
Yuzuru towards herself-------while for Yuzuru, she values Kaguya more preciously
than Kaguya does to herself"
"------That's"
"……………….."
Both of them kept quiet as if they were at a lost for words. Shidou added more
strength to his body which was almost close to collapsing, he mustered up all his
strength in his body before continuing.
"------You two!! You two have the right to select these choices for the future!
Choose! @. Yuzuru absorbs Kaguya and becomes the true Yamai! A. Kaguya
absorbs Yuzuru and becomes the true Yamai!"
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
286 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
After both of them heeded Shidou's words, what kind of obvious question is that,
they made such a face while opening their mouth.
"Isn't that obvious. @.----"
"Reply. There is no need to think. A.----"
But, Shidou didn't hear the replies and continued talking.
"B! In exchange for the loss of your Spirit powers, both of you will live………..!"
""……………!?""
The moment Shidou said that, Kaguya and Yuzuru opened their eyes in shock.
"Huh………..? What did you say?"
"Request. Just now, what did you"
Shidou coughed violently. And Tohka turned her head worried.
But, he couldn't afford to stop his words here. He moistens his throat with his saliva
and squeezes his voice out.
"-------I'm sorry but, I've only been given three choices to choose from for a long
time.………….I can't allow, to have it only be two choices"
"What…..are you saying? That sort of thing, there is no way it's possible"
"Doubt. Yes. Yuzuru has not heard of that method before"
Kaguya and Yuzuru, faced towards him with doubtful eyes. It stands for a reason.
The one who says to believe him is the one that is absurd.
But, Shidou raised a shout.
"I beg of you two! Please believe me! Only once is okay! Give me a chance to let
you two live……..! If it is a failure then, I don't mind if you do whatever you want
with me! If that is the case, then you could even kill me! That's why…………!"
"………..what are you. Aren't you human? That kind of----"
"Just now, did you forget who was the one that sliced your prided wind?"
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
287 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
"uh……………"
"Thought. ……………….."
Kaguya and Yuzuru lost their words, and looked at each other. Rather than finding
the true motives in Shidou words, they were confused in the sudden turn of events.
"That's why-------stop! Both of you don't need to fight with each other
anymore……….! Something like, one of you having to vanish, no longer-------"
In the middle of his words, Shidou felt an intense drowsiness, and collapsed on that
spot. <Sandalphon> fell on the ground, and turned into light particles before
vanishing into the air.
"Shidou!"
Tohka let out a worried voice and shook his shoulders. But, it was difficult for him
to reply back to that.
Tentatively he has his consciousness but, *Hyuu**Hyuu* he was only releasing air
out from his throat and probably can no longer let out his voice anymore. It would
seem------Shidou's body has long crossed its limits.
"…………………."
"…………………."
In the sky, Kaguya and Yuzuru stared at each other.
---Kaguya quietly opened her lips.
"…………that's what he said. What do you think? Yuzuru"
"Distrust. It is impossible to think so. Even if that strike was really something from
Shidou, Yuzuru has not heard about stealing the Spirit's Reiryoku away before"
"That's true----……….. I think so too"
"…………….! ……………….!"
Inside Shidou's blurry view, he somehow tried to squeeze his voice out from his
lungs. But------no matter how much he tried shaking his throat, his breath would not
be covered with sound.
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
288 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
It was no good. He couldn't manage to make them believe him. Shidou felt his view
getting blurry.
---Stop, stop, stop. I really have the power to save both of you. If I stretch out my
hand, I can grab them.
However, Shidou's voice which doesn't sound like a voice didn't reach the sky.
Kaguya and Yuzuru were, gazing at each other's eyes while continuing with their
words.
"Seriously, Shidou is troubling guy. To disturb us twice"
"Agree. Seriously. Even though Yuzuru was close to beating Kaguya"
"What are you saying? Even I was about to release a one-hit kill"
"Sneer. Was it the Suturm Lante (Laugh)"
"Sh,shut up. If you say that one more time, I seriously will get angry"
"Challenge accepted. By all means, please do what you like. It's going to be Yuzuru's
win anyway. Yuzuru will definitely make Kaguya survive"
"I can't let that happen. I will be the one to win. You have to live no matter what"
"Rebuttal. Kaguya should"
Kaguya made a stance with her lance, while Yuzuru does it with her pendulum.
Nearby them, the wind started blowing again.
---but.
"…………………..hey, Yuzuru"
"Reply. What is it"
"This is persistently just a talk. An if talk. A possibility talk. --------if by any chance
what Shidou said is true then, what do you think"
"Petition. Would you give Yuzuru the time limit to think"
"Approved. Only 3 seconds"
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
289 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
"………………………………."
"Alright, the end. So?"
"Reply. ………………I think, it's very wonderful"
"………………fuun. You're unexpectedly quite a romanticist."
"Discouraged. Then what about Kaguya"
"…………coincidently, me too"
"Question. If both of us live then, what does Kaguya want to do?"
"Me? Let's see……….ah, the thing Tohka said. I might want to try eating that Kinako
bread. It seems like its super delicious"
"Agree. It does sound delicious"
"What about Yuzuru?"
"Reply.-----------Yuzuru would want to try going to school"
"Aah……………that's nice. Ahaha, if its Yuzuru, then you would definitely be the
object of adoration from the guys in the school"
"Deny. Yuzuru think that's not possible"
"Heh? Why?"
"Reply. That's because Kaguya would be together. Most definitely, Kaguya would be
the one getting the popularity"
"Ha,ha……….together with me"
"Affirmative. That's because, since persistently this is just a talk. Yuzuru does not
remember a restriction was given"
"Aah…………didn't I. I guess so, then when class finishes, let's wander around the
town after school"
"Agree. That's wonderful. Yuzuru would want to try entering a cafe"
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
290 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
"Yeah Yeah, I get it. But you have to properly split the cost okay?"
"Deny. That is unfair. Kaguya eats more than Yuzuru"
"I,its not that much of a difference"
"Question. Is that so"
"……………….."
"…………………"
At the end of those words, both of them were silent for a while.
Inside the sound of wind, the one that restarted the conversation was Kaguya.
"…………….hey, Yuzuru"
"Reply. What is it"
"Sorry, I told a lie.……….I"
Large drops of tears spilled out from Kaguya's eyes.
"I don't want, to die…………"
Together with sobbing, she continued talking.
"I want to live……………I, I want to be with Yuzuru more"
"Rep------"
The next thing, on Yuzuru's cheeks, a straight of tears flowed along it.
"Yuzuru…….too. Yuzuru doesn't want to disappear. Yuzuru wants to live with
Kaguya"
"Yuzuru……………."
"Kaguya"
Both of them mixed their sights, and moved their lips at the same time.
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
291 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
""---------------""
But, the voice that came out from their throat, did not reach to one another.
More importantly, a giant sound of a motor from far away, roared further above the
sky from Kaguya and Yuzuru.
"What…….?"
"Gazing. That's-------"
Kaguya and Yuzuru looked upwards.
Over there was, a floating giant black warship with smoke coming out from its rear.
"Captain! It will be dangerous if we lower the altitude any further than this! In the
state where Invisible isn't used, there might be a chance the residents will notice------
----!"
Inside <Arbatel>'s bridge, the screams of the crew member's dyed in uneasiness,
echoed throughout.
"Silence!"
But Paddington, who was sitting on the captain seat, silenced them in one roar.
---The residents will notice? What meaning does that have? In reality, when the
<Arbatel> started nose diving, <Ratatoskr>'s airship stopped pursuing us.
Fortunately, it would seem the Captain on the order side has the same mediocre
thoughts as the crew members on this side. Due to them being secretive as their
foremost thoughts, they allowed their wounded enemies to escape under their nose.
"No------that's wrong huh"
Paddington licked his lips.
If they had the goal of keeping their own ship a secret then, they could use the
method of attacking the <Arbatel> even if they don't give chase. They could use the
convergence Maryoku cannon to shoot, or use that mysterious mine they used just
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
292 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
now.
But, by any chance the events of them proceeded on attacking, there might be a
possibility they would brought forth casualties on the island.
If it was that captain that belongs to a capricious organization that tries to persuade
the Spirit using peaceful means then, he thought that might be the case
but……………it would seems he had hit the mark.
But-----that was not enough.
Losing few units of the <Bandersnatch>, damaging the <Arbatel>, and running back.
At that point, Paddington's disgrace would be final.
In order to cancel all that, he needs a better outcome to compensate for it.
Paddington glared at the two girls being shown on the screen.
Just now, just before the communication was cut off, according to the information
given by Ellen, that is Spirit <Berserk>.
"The fire is extinguished in the Control room right! Make all the remaining
<Bandersnatch>'s in the ship takeoff! We have to capture <Berserk> and <Princess>
no matter what!"
"Bu,but-------"
"Just do it!"
Due to Paddington's shout, the crew skipped a beat and hit the console while
grinding his teeth.
"-------What is that"
"Agree. Yuzuru wish it could read the mood"
Kaguya and Yuzuru looked at the giant cluster of metal up in the sky while, letting
out unhappy voices.
Although it was the reconciliation with their beloved other half, that thing disturbed
them with perfect timing.
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
293 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
But, it did not end at there.
When they thought the hatch installed at the rear of the warship opened, coming out
from there separately, dolls packed with various weapons on its back and limbs fell
out from there.
Organic and having a smooth form. Tentatively, they were dolls with head's and
limbs but, rather than it being human, demi-humans or devils from story books
come into mind.
What's more, those mechanical dolls, after opening the wiring at its back mid-air,
the unexpectedly circled around the sky easily and started flying around as if they
were trying to surround Kaguya and Yuzuru.
And, in the next moment, the doll that was flying around the surroundings, pointed
their right hand equipped with a tube-like object at both of them and beams was
released from them.
"Uoou!?"
"…………….!"
After Kaguya and Yuzuru dodged those just when they was about to hit, *Kiii* they
glared at the dolls.
But, the other dolls immediately made a stance with its cannon as if to follow that,
and commenced attacking Kaguya and Yuzuru.
"Kuh, what's with these dolls"
After Kaguya made the tip of the lance she was holding in her right hand spin, it
created a small scale typhoon and mowed down the dolls that were grouping there.
"Offensive. It's irritating"
Yuzuru also controlled the pendulum on her left hand, and blew away the dolls that
were around their surroundings.
But, the dolls that were scattered about from both of their attacks, fixed back their
posture as if nothing happened and once again faced towards both of them while
ignoring gravity.
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
294 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Kaguya and Yuzuru distorted their eyebrows unpleasantly.
"Fu……..what a disgusting bunch"
"Agree. Honestly, Yuzuru doesn't want to be touched by that"
After Kaguya and Yuzuru blew the dolls away again, they once again gaze at the sky.
It would seems the dolls have not stop coming down. The dolls were still
individually, being dropped down from the giant ship.
After both of them got fed up and bent their shoulders from looking at that, they
opened their mouth at the exact same time. If this was the case then, it would never
end no matter how many dolls they defeat.
"Hey, Yuzuru"
"Suggestion. Kaguya"
Their voices perfectly overlapped. After Kaguya and Yuzuru suddenly opened their
eyes in shock, they looked at each other's face.
And then, coming from both sides, [Fufu] such a voice leaked out.
"Wanna do it?"
"Agree. Let's do it"
After both of them made a small nod, Kaguya held out her left hand, while Yuzuru
does it with her right hand-------they perfectly, joined them together.
When they did that, both of their AstralDress and Angel shined in brightly and------
the wing growing out of Kaguya's right shoulder and the wing growing out of
Yuzuru left shoulder joined together, and formed a bow-like shape.
Next, Yuzuru's pendulum became the bowstring and connected the wings together
from one side to another------Kaguya's Lance became the arrow and was nocked on
the bow.
This time, Kaguya using her right hand, while Yuzuru using her left.
With the hands wrapped in the AstralDress armor, their left and right hand pulled the
bowstring at the same time.
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
295 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
The bow that had been pulled to its limit was then pointed towards the warship up in
the sky.
And then.
""<Raphael>---<<Ell Kanaph>>!!""
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
296 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
297 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Both of them, released their hands at the exact same time, and that giant arrow was
shot high up to the sky.
In an instant, a wind pressure that could not even be compared with before attacked
nearby.
Shidou and Tohka who were right underneath them were still okay but, the dolls that
were flying around them got blown away just by the aftermath. The remaining trees
were mowed down and the forest rustled about like it is waving.
There is nothing in existence that can stop the advancement of the arrow covered in
the winds protection.
An absolute and invincible single concentrated attack.
A shot that was first done by both the Yamai's joining forces, the strongest arrow.
Towards the warship that is a product of humans, there should be no reason, for it to
be able to dodge it.
In a span of an instant, the giant warship got pierced by <Raphael>'s arrow, and due
to it being wrapped in wind pressure, the interiors were messed up and destroyed----
------the night sky dyed red together with the sound of a giant explosion.
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
298 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
299 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 6
"………….kuh, ah……………"
Together with a groan-like voice, Origami slightly opened her eyes.
The view that is being projected now was not the sky of the island being blown by
wind, but rather it was the ceiling of a hotel room being illuminated by a square
lighting. For an instant, she thought she was attacked by a hallucination as if what
happened all this time was just a dream but-----wrong. It was certain that a dull pain
was left on her side.
After she made a wry face while touching her chest, she found out medical treatment
was done with bandages and fomentation.
"What on earth happened……….."
"……………aah, you woke up"
And, coming from the side of the pillow, she heard a sleepy voice. It was the vicehomeroom
teacher Murasame Reine.
"Sensei………..where am I"
"……………..it's my room. I'm sorry but, I will have you moved here. Since it will
probably cause a commotion if the other students see this"
"Err……..the dolls-----"
"………….aah, after you lost consciousness, for some reason it suddenly stopped
moving"
"------I see"
After Origami said that shortly, she somehow managed to raise her creaking body.
"………….it's better not to force yourself. Stay quiet for today"
"Was the treatment done by sensei?"
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
300 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
"…………..aah. Sorry I used what was available"
"No. …………thank you"
"…………the one who should say thanks is me. Thanks to you I was saved. Thank
you"
After saying that, Reine lowered her head. Origami drank down her saliva before
continuing talking.
"Sensei, about that doll"
"……………..I didn't tell anyone. Is it better that way?"
"……………….."
Origami looked back at Reine silently.
…………She felt that this teacher Murasame, is oddly calm even though she was
suddenly attacked. And above that, she performed medical treatment on Origami
with calm judgment and did not talk to anyone about this.
It's true, for Origami she does not want the information about mysterious doll be
recklessly spread but………..how to put it, she felt it was a little too perfect.
Yes-----it was like, she knows about the existence of the CR-unit.
But, Origami stopped those thoughts.
That's because a more important matter appeared in her head.
"-----Shidou"
"……….hnn?"
"Where's Shidou"
"……….aah, he's okay. It looks like he's heading this way"
Hearing those words, Origami made a sigh of ease-------she twitched her shoulders
with a bad feeling.
"How, do you know that?"
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
301 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
"…………………"
When Origami said that, Reine scratched her cheeks and made her eyes wander
around as if [Oh no] she made a mistake. And after a moment of silence, she opened
her mouth.
"………….intuition?"
"…………………"
Origami was silently crawled out of the futon. Even if she was guaranteed of
Shidou's safety with that weak reason, there is no way she could not be worried.
But, the moment she stood up from that spot, a dull pain rain across her stomach,
and made Origami fall on her knees.
"Ugh………….."
"………………that's why I said it before. You shouldn't force yourself. What, he'll
be back soon"
"…………………..kuh"
While being on all fours, Origami punched the floor with her fist. Although a light
pain rain at her stomach from that impact but, she didn't register it and punched the
floor once more.
It was just an attack. Just from an attack with no weapon. From a doll that was not a
Spirit or anything's attack, and this.
The Origami now, who had her Realizer stolen from her, was sorrowfully just a
normal human.
So weak, and so powerless. She was just coincidently hanging onto the life she
picked up. If the doll did not stop its function on that spot, then she might have been
killed together with Reine. She was a weak girl that could not bring back Shidou-----
-her lover from that dangerous place. That right now is Tobiichi Origami.
She clenched her teeth. She could lightly taste blood.
"------------ger"
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
302 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
"…………….un?"
Reine tilted her head. But it was not a word for Reine to hear. As if to say it to
herself, she chant that once more.
"I want……….to be stronger. Not relying on anything, enough…………..to protect
Shidou…………"
Whether she heard those words or didn't hear it-------------Reine, quietly cast her
eyes down and gently put her coat on Origami's shoulder.
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
303 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
304 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 7
"-------<Arbatel>. This is Adeptus 1. Please respond, <Arbatel>"
Somehow managing to get her consciousness back, Ellen who has crawled out from
under the <Bandersnatch> shouted but, she could only hear noise coming from the
other side of the Incam.
"…………….."
Ellen clicked her tongue inside her mouth, and distorted her shoulders.
<Arbatel> is probably 8 out of 9 defeated. Just now, there was no mistake all of the
<Bandersnatch> have stopped functioning all at once.
She encircled herself with thoughts. It was still okay if the <Arbatel> was completely
destroyed leaving nothing at all, and everyone including Paddington died. But, she
can't let that ship be handed over to <Ratatoskr> at all cost-----
And thus, Ellen shook her shoulders lightly. It was because she heard some kind of
sound coming from the Incam.
"Is this the <Arbatel>? How's the situation----------"
However, the communication partner she predicted was someone different. A giggle
she heard before was shaking Ellen's eardrum.
"Fufu………….Judging by that state, it looks like the plan failed. Isn't this quite rare
for someone like you"
"------Ike"
Yes. That voice belonged to none other than Isaac Westcott.
"I'm very sorry. Everything is my responsibility"
Naturally, her mind did not think that way. It was the fault of that incompetent fool
who went overboard with the powerful toy he was given and-------the devilish
female school students.
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
305 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Westcott made a laugh once more as if he looked through Ellen's thoughts.
"So, how about <Princess>?"
"……………….I'm sorry. I failed in capturing her"
"Was she a Spirit?"
"Eh? Ye,Yes. I have confirmed that. There is no mistake. Yatogami Tohka is the
Spirit <Princess>"
When Ellen said that, Westcott rang his throat as if he was satisfied.
"Fufu, what, looks like you properly identified her. Just knowing that gives the plan
this time a significant meaning. ------Good job. Return back to base"
"…………………."
"Dissatisfied?"
"No such thing. Only-----lastly, there is one question I want to ask"
"Houu, What is it?"
Ellen quietly opened her lips.
"-------Something like a human able to control the Spirit's power, do you think it
exists?"
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
306 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
307 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 8
Shidou was borrowing Tohka's shoulder while, sluggishly walking towards the
hotel.
The forest fell completely into ruins compared to its original self; it became very
visible compared to the time he came here, and it was also much easier to walk. He
gazed ahead at the dim road while, murmuring worried.
"……………..this, has gotta be okay right………..?"
When Shidou said that, he felt that……………..he heard the sound of Kaguya and
Yuzuru gulping.
And, when they approached near the hotel, Shidou and the group found something
strange.
"Hmm……..? That's……………..done by the………….<Bandersnatch> right?"
Thanks to Kaguya's and Yuzuru's wind, it would seem that it was blown over here.
Its head had a caved-in like damage. It was probably knocked in when it was falling.
And, when Shidou was encircling himself with thoughts, he heard Kaguya made a
chuckle from behind.
"Kuku……………..it's because of our intense hurricane. A doll like this would only
be played around like garbage"
"Agree. Yuzuru and Kaguya's wind is the strongest"
After both of them said that, they bumped their fist and smile at each other. It was a
unthinkable reconciliation between these two judging from what had happed before.
"More importantly------ly. Shidou, hurry up and seal our powers"
"Agree. Although there is still time but, the faster the better"
"Eh, no, that's"
After Shidou looked towards Tohka direction, his words turned unclear. Tohka,
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
308 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
looked back at him unhappily.
"Si,since I have to make plenty of preparations. So we'll do it quickly tomorrow's
morning, please wait a little longer"
As expected, he can't do it in front of Tohka. Shidou made a random excuse.
"Fuun………….it better not be a lie? If you send forth a lie towards this child of the
typhoon then, think of it that your bone would not even be left"
"Lyching. Until Shidou's full of dents"
"I,I didn't make up a lie"
""……………….""
After both of them looked at Shidou with suspicious eyes, they made a small sigh.
"Kuku…………….well that's okay I guess. I'll believe you. By the way Tohka"
"Mu? What?"
"Request. For a little while, could Tohka lend us Shidou?"
As if to finish Kaguya's word, Yuzuru said that. Tohka unpleasantly tilted her head.
"I don't mind but………….why?"
"It, it's okay, just a little while, you wait here"
When Kaguya said that, Tohka took her hand away from Shidou's shoulder.
And just like that she let both of them carry Shidou, before entering the side of the
forest.
"Wha,what is it seriously"
"It's okay so keep quiet"
"Agree. Silence is golden"
Being told by them authoritatively, Shidou quietly shut his mouth.
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
309 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
And then, when they reach a spot where they couldn't see Tohka, both of them
stopped their legs.
"……….Shidou. Well, how'd I put this, thank you. In many ways"
"Thanks. Thanks to Shidou, Yuzuru and Kaguya's fighting ended"
"No, that's………"
He was taken back, from the sudden gentleness. Shidou made a wry smile as if he
was troubled.
And, after Kaguya and Yuzuru made an eye signal to each other, they returned their
sights back at Shidou.
"That's why, well, it's something boring but, we thought of giving you a gift"
"Petition. Please close your eyes"
"Huh? Eyes……………"
Shidou raised his eyebrows while, quietly obeying their orders.
When he did that--------
"……………..!?"
Coming from left and right.
His lip's right and left, a soft feeling was produced at the same time and Shidou
turned surprised.
Yes. Kaguya and Yuzuru were, giving Shidou a kiss at the same time.
"Wha, you two, what are you--------"
"Tha,that's why I said it before. It's an exchange gift. It's the first kiss of two super
beauties, Yuzuru and me you know? You dancing in joy is still okay but, that
reaction is still nice"
"Apology. Was it a bother?"
Kaguya folded her arms while her face was red, and Yuzuru hangs her head down
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
310 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
apologetically. And-----
"Wha…………"
"Surprise. This is------"
Kaguya and Yuzuru let out a voice filled with panic out from her throat. But that is
only normal. That's because, both of their straightjackets and chains that were
covering their body turned into light particles and disappeared.
"Uh, ukyaaaaaaaaaaa!?"
"Panic. Ecchi-desu[5E 2]"
Both of them together covered their chest, and squat down on that spot. Shidou
return a follow in panic.
"Cal, calm down both of you! Actually, in order to seal the Reiryoku, that was an
important------"
"Shidou? There was something glowing but, what happened?"
"……………!? Tohka!?"
And making the situation worse, Tohka who was supposed to be waiting behind,
*hyokon*, brought her face out.
And then, after suddenly opening her eyes in shock, she probably understood the
situation and Tohka's face turned beet red.
"Shi, Shidou!? Wha, whawhawhat were you doing!?"
"N,no, you're wrong! I didn't-------"
"Shidou suddenly stripped off my clothes…………."
"Shedding tears. Yuzuru can't become a bride anymore"
Coming from his back, becoming the final blow, Kaguya and Yuzuru's cover fire
entered. After Tohka's cheeks turned even redder, she glared at Shidou.
"Shidoooouuuuu!"
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
311 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
"Wai, wait! Rig,right now my body is…………….uh,
a,aaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhh!?"
Shidou's bitter shout echoed throughout the forest night.
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
312 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Epilogue: Shidou, I?
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
313 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
314 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 1
The night with a storm blowing turned dawn, and it became the next day.
Shidou and the group had departed from the hotel were looking at the mowed-down
trees from the bus' window while moving towards the airport in order to go back to
Tenguu city.
After the students listened to some important reminders and Checked-In their
luggage, The students were told to stand-by at the lobby while waiting for their
airplane to take off. Although they should have bought enough stuff already, they
either went scavenging in the sale spaces or were smacking their lips in the
Airport's food court gourmet.
As expected from high school students. They were high school student in the midst
of their youth. Even though they were completely playing around the beach
yesterday, it would seem they still have stamina left.
Shidou sitting on the lobby's chair completely exhausted while,
haha………….making a powerless smile.
"Iyaaah, everything ended in a flash"
And, right beside Shidou, Tonomachi who for some reason had a sunburn only
from his neck to his head said that while cheerfully smiling.
"aah……..yeah I guess"
Shidou replied back like a completely withered old tree.
Last night, after manifesting <Sandalphon>, his body was attacked by a strong
feeling of despondency but------after sleeping for one night, an intense muscle ache
was added on top of that.
Well, if this is the price to pay for swinging the [Angel]'s power which is excessive
for the human body, and, if this is the price to pay for saving both Kaguya and
Yuzuru then, it might be something cheap.
"Even if I say this, I didn't get much of that school trip feeling………."
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
315 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
He said that and made a sigh. In the end, because he was dragged into various
troubles, he didn't join much of the group activities.
"Ahh Ahh, what's with you, making such a tired face. You weren't in the room last
night right? Where did you go, ah? Until you are this tired, who and what type of
perverted acts did you do with?"
Tonomachi asked while *Fuun**fuun* his breathing turns wild. Shidou sighed as if
he given up.
"Why are perverted things assumed……….."
"Well that's, when a healthy high school male disappears in the night of a school trip
and said nothing happened, people that would believe that would either be a saint,
idiot or Tohka-chan right. So? Who is it? Tohka-chan…………I guess no. Since she
was filled with energy. Is it that? Did your soul get exhausted after being the Yamai
sister's partner both of them in one go? Perfect, I can't see them"
"aah…….well, in a way"
Shidou made a wry smile.
Yes. It's true, starting from the time they came out from the hotel, Kaguya and
Yuzuru figures were not there.
After that incident, both of them were transported to the <Ratatoskr>. Most likely the
next time they will meet will be after all the examinations are complete, and when he
goes back to Tenguu city.
Conveniently, both of them were treated as transfer students but…………it was still
unsure whether they will be continuing attendance at Shidou's school after this.
Even if he says that, the reconciled twin's mental state is by far the most stable
compared to the Spirit's until now, the day where both of them lined together
walking in town, probably wouldn't be far.
When Shidou was thinking things like that, Tonomachi moved his face closer
without hesitation.
"Oi, what is with that unclear excuse. Or is it that? As I thought, is it Tobiichi whose
figure can't be seen now? What kind of intense hard play did you do"
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
316 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
"Origami……huh"
Shidou scratched his cheeks while answering.
Origami figure was also not seen from the time they came out of the hotel this
morning.
From what he heard from Reine, after waiting for the storm to stop, she was
transported to a nearby hospital and might be late returning back to Tenguu city.
It would seem she has received an attack from the <Bandersnatch>
but……………….I wonder if she is okay.
And, during the time Tonomachi was trying to question him more, he heard Tamachan
sensei's voice coming from far away.
"Haaaai~! Everyone, it's almost time, please gather up!"
"Oh…………..it's already that time"
"Kuh, Oi Itsuka, I will properly hear what you have to say later!"
Tonomachi said that with an exaggerated gesture. Somehow, he reminds Shidou of a
villain that was always beaten weekly shouting [Remember this!].
"Well then………."
And, after Shidou managed to stand up by inserting some energy inside his
staggering leg, and as if to match up with that, *step**step* he heard such footsteps.
"Shidou! I bought a lot of snacks!"
Tohka said that, and was holding a bag from the souvenir shop with both hands,
while running towards him smiling.
Even though she was part of the huge fight from yesterday, she was 100 times as
energetic and was in full power.
"Wait a sec; don't you think you bought too much?"
"There is no such thing! Look, it's a limited flavoured Chupa Chups. Kotori will be
happy too!"
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
317 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
When she made a smile with no worries and was happy to the bottom of her heart,
he couldn't say anything anymore. After Shidou *pon**pon* patted his head, he
slowly walked over to the assembly spot.
"Hai Hai, has everyone gathered? Well then, we will be boarding the airplane now
so, please line up in order"
Tama-chan sensei was overlooking the students that were assembled at the lobby
while echoing her voice.
The students were noisy because they were reluctant for the school trip to end while,
lining up to the seat arrangements that were made beforehand.
"Shidou, is it okay if I sit beside the window going back?"
And, Tohka said that while making her eyes glitter. She was probably still regretting
letting Origami take the airplane's window side seat when they were coming.
Well, it seems Origami is in the hospital now, so he doesn't mind if it's that much.
"aah, I don't-----"
"-------I will not accept that"
"heh?"
Towards the voice that echoed as if to block Shidou's words, he released a
disarrayed voice.
When he looked behind, over there was Origami using crutches while having
bandages wrapped around her body.
"O,Origami!? Why are you here!? Forget that, is your injury………okay!?"
"No problem"
After Origami said that calmly, she snuggled up to Shidou's side.
"! Wh,why you, get away! What's with you suddenly appearing!"
"The seat should have already been decided. The window seat is mine. You can
enjoy looking at the pathway"
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
318 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
"No fair! Going back, I will sit the window seat! I will be seeing the scenery
together with Shidou!"
Tohka and Origami sandwiched Shidou and started fighting. Each time, Shidou's
body which was being tortured by muscle aches, was being shaken about.
"Wai, wait a second…………! Calm down both of you! Use a more peaceful………I
know, how about deciding it using rock-paper-scissors?"
"Mu…………..that one that decides the winner with three different hand shapes huh.
I don't mind but………"
"If Shidou says it then I have no objection"
When Origami quietly replied, Tohka's sights became sharp and she griped her
right hand.
"Okay. Let's end this. Jyaan ken pon[5F 1]!"
At the same time with their voice, Tohka and Origami brought their hands forward
at the same time.
---but, at that moment Shidou felt something out of place.
It was very simple. The hands that were brought out on that spot, had two extras.
"eh……….?"
Tohka went guh. Origami also went guh. And, the hands that were coming out from
their sides, both of were showing paper.
"Kuku……….although the and the is
out rivaled but, it losses to the "
"Declaration. It's Yuzuru and Kaguya's win. Yuzuru and Kaguya will be having both
seats beside Shidou"
"Kaguya-----Yuzuru!?"
Shidou looked at the owners of paper who released their voices, and released a
shocked voice.
black magic stone
rock
heaven splitting twin swords
scissors
amulet of crushing evil
Paper
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
319 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Yes. Over there was, Kaguya and Yuzuru who was supposed to be under <Fraxinus>
custody from yesterday night.
And behind them was, Reine with her head wobbling around. After he looked over
to her as if to ask a question; she slowly walked over to him and started talking in a
low tone.
"………..it's because they told me, they really wanted to ride the plane with Shidou.
Their condition seems to be stable, and since it's not a good thing to recklessly give
them stress, a special permit was given. The regular examinations will be done
when we go back to Tenguu city"
"N-no, I don't mind about that…………"
At that moment, the winners who are Kaguya and Yuzuru, linked their arms with
both of Shidou's arms.
"Kuku………..Shidou think of this as an honor. At first we think of you as nothing
but an offering to our duel but------we unexpectedly took a liking to you"
"Affection. Yuzuru too. However, Yuzuru does not want to fight with the reconciled
Kaguya"
"So, at that point. Shidou, it is decided you will be me and Yuzuru's shared property"
"Agree. So that's the case. We will give you love appropriately"
"Ha……..haah!?"
When Shidou unbearably shouted, Tohka and Origami frowned their eyebrows and
glared at him.
"Shidou, what does this mean? As expected, did something happened when both of
them got naked?"
"Naked? What's with that. I request an explanation"
"No, that's"
When Shidou was having trouble with answering, Kaguya and Yuzuru who was
securing both his sides, *fufun* made a sound with their nose.
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
320 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
"Kuku…………sorry about this Tohka. But if you are my clansman then be very
proud of yourself. That's because, you were able to give an offering to me"
"Discipline. Master Origami. Thank you for everything. Yuzuru will protect
master's teaching and move on"
After both of them said that, Tohka and Origami respectively took both of Shidou's
legs.
"Don't screw with me! I won't hand over Shidou!"
"Don't suddenly appear and say things as you please"
"Kuku……………nice bravery! To challenge us the Yamai sisters!"
"Challenge accepted. Yuzuru and Kaguya will take both of you on. Take a good look
at Yuzuru and Kaguya's combination"
After saying that, four of them from four sides, started pulling each of Shidou's
limbs.
"Wai…………wait!"
After using <Sandalphon> and becoming all worn out, Shidou's body finally raised
a scream from the final attack he received.
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
321 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
322 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 2
The sound of her heart beating was awfully loud.
Kotori made a small wry smile while making shoe noises in the wide corridor.
Although Kotori was the only one in this wide space but------as expected, she was
probably a little nervous. Even though she came to such a place many times already,
but it seems she can't get quite use to it.
Kotori was in her usual crimson military uniform but, she did not place the jacket
on her shoulders and was properly wearing it in the sleeves with the shirt buttoned
into place. Naturally, she was not eating any candy in her mouth. If the <Fraxinus>
crew sees this, they would probably have opened their eyes in shock.
After Kotori stopped her legs in front of the door, *suu* she took a deep breath.
And then *knock**knock*, she knocked on it.
"Itsuka Kotori, has arrived"
""----enter""
"Yes"
After Kotori replied shortly, she opened the door and entered the room.
The inside of the room looked like a library. The four sides of the room were
covered with bookshelves and have leather covered books stored on it. She does not
know the full details of it. That was only normal, since the books that were opened
on the desk didn't only have letters written on it but rather in exchange, it had Braille
lined up in it.
And in the deepest part of the room, that man was there.
"It's been a long time, Commander Itsuka"
While saying that, he turned his chair around and turned his face towards Kotori.
He has an almost white beard and hair, and sweet-looking eyes. His age should be
around 50 years and above. His age alone was somewhat not enough to call him an
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
323 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
old man but, he feels like a good-natured old man.
Rounds chairman, Elliot Woodman.
He is <Ratatoskr Machinery>'s founder and Kotori's benefactor.
"It has been a long time, sir Woodman"
Kotori gathered her heels together and made a beautiful bow.
"It looks like you have been quite amazing lately. The others from the round table
were shocked"
"That's because being shocked is part of their job"
When Kotori said that, Woodman made a laugh pleasantly.
"Well, don't say that. They are they, and are capable people needed for
<Ratatoskr>……….More importantly, Commander Itsuka. I heard you used
<Camael>, have you been taken care of yourself?"
"Yes. Sorry to have made you worry"
"No. I think I should be the one apologizing to make you do something that
reckless"
After he said that, he stroked his beard while continuing to talk in a quiet tone.
"…………..by the way, I received a report just now"
"Report?"
"Aah. It would appears <Fraxinus> has been attacked by an airship which is thought
to belongs to DEM Company"
She has already received that report. [Yes] she tilted her head to the front.
"I heard. But, Kannazuki is in the ship. So there shouldn't be a problem"
"I guess you're right…………. putting it in another way, the problem is the other
one"
"And, what do you mean"
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
324 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
When Kotori asked, Woodman showed slight hesitation before saying it out.
"………….it would seems, your brother has manifested an Angel"
"……………!"
Hearing those words, Kotori twitched her eyebrows.
She drank down her saliva, and placed her hands on her chest as if to suppress the
heartbeat that had turned wild, she rearranged her breathing before replying.
"I, see. ------Already"
"Ahh. Most likely, sealing your Reiryoku again was the trigger"
"……….uh"
She unintentionally clenched her teeth. Probably noticing Kotori's state, Woodman
distorted his face apologetically.
"……………if anything happens, we might be urged to deal with it appropriately.
If not, the Spirits that have their Reiryoku sealed away would, again bring forth
disaster"
"Acknowledged………"
When Kotori quietly closed her eyes partly, Woodman released his voice as if he
was groaning.
"………I'm sorry to have pushed such a detestable role to you"
"No, there is no choice……....from now on, if the worst case happened"
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
325 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
326 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
And then, Kotori made a small nod before releasing her words.
"-----I will kill Shidou"
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
327 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Afterword
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
328 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
329 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Afterwords
Long time no see, its Tachibana Koushi here. I present to you [Date A Live 5 Yamai
Tempest].
The Spirit this time is the first time two appeared at once, the twin sisters (?) Kaguya
and Yuzuru. How was it? I would be happy if you enjoyed it.
But, even though it’s a volume with two Spirits appearing, I somehow oddly feel that
the amount of other new characters this time is a lot. Well since this is a volume that
has started its motion behind the scenes, if I say there was no choice then there was
no choice but………..how do I put it, I seriously had a lot of assistance from
Tsunako-san.
By the way, the character that took my liking other than the Spirit would be Ellen. At
first I was planning to make her an extra but, somewhere along the way she became
a nice character. I love characters that are fun to mess with.
And, here’s an attention. I think there are many who noticed this but, this time; the
book is different from normal.
Yes. Turn one page back please. Open your eyes right before the afterword, the
picture design on <Fraxinus> is on it! The designer was Ebi Kawakanetake. Thank
you for the amazing design! It’s super cool. Everyone please take a look!
Since there is a lot of notice this time compared to before, let’s do this in one go.
The serialized book comic version of [Date A Live] from Ringo-san by the monthly
series of Shounen Ace, has finally been decided to be sold on 25/8!
And the serialized spin off comic monthly series [Date A Strike] from Dragon age
by Oniyazu kakashi-san has also been confirmed to be sold on 8/9!
Iyaaah, this is amazing. It’s a 3-strand rush with this book included. It’s like the Jet
S**eam attack. By position I would be the one to be a stepping-stone. Gukyaaaa.
And what’s more, this doesn’t end at there. The original book [Date A Live 5 Yamai
Tempest], the comic version [Date A Live] and [Date A Strike] will be a memorable
consecutive release, it seems there is no choice but to open an multi purchase
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
330 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
campaign!
I think further details will be written on the wrap so please check!
And! On December the scheduled [Date A Live 6 Miku Lily], the deadline 31/8 to
book the limited edition is approaching! I was shown the sample picture but, it’s the
results were quite good. Those who are interested, please hurry!
Now then, this will be the last; this time too, thanks to the efforts Tsunako-san,
supervisor-san, Designer-san and also everyone that is related to the publication, the
book was able to be presented to everyone.
And once again, thank you very much.
Next time [Date A Live 6 Miku Lily]
Speaking of lily, it would be the Yuri flower. That would mean well……………it
will become like that.
Well then, I hope we meet again in the next volume.
Tachibana Koushi
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
331 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Translation Notes and References
Chapter 1:
1. ↑ (耳年増)which means: a young woman with a lot of superficial knowledge
about sex, etc
2. ↑ (さーたーあんだぎー)is a type of fried tofu in Okinawa
Chapter 2:
1. ↑ (下駄):Geta, Japanese wooden clogs, upside down character
Chapter 3:
1. ↑ Puyo:jelly-like, in this case she is insulting her for being flabby and fat
2. ↑ Peta: flat, in this case she is insulting her for being flat-chested
3. ↑ やんやんつけぼー: a type of snack
4. ↑ Cushion used for kneeling
5. ↑ Part where the sides of the Yukata cloth overlapped together
Chapter 4:
1. ↑ 納豆-Fermented soybeans
2. ↑ シュールストレミング- a Swedish dish of fermented herrings
3. ↑ 大富豪- A Japanese card game
4. ↑ 七並べ-Another card game
Chapter 5:
1. ↑ 羽織＝Japanese Formal coat
2. ↑ she meant it as "it's perverted" but I think it sounds better this way
Epilogue
1. ↑ Japanese way of saying Rock-Paper-Scissors
Back to Volume 4 Return to Main Page Forward to Volume 6
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
332 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 5 "Yamai Tempest"
333 of 333 converted by Infinite Creations