Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
1 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
2 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
3 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
4 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
5 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
6 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
7 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
8 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Prologue: New Daily Life
"shidou! I baked something called a cookie!"
Her night-colored hair fluttered around her waist.
Her eyes sparkled like radiant crystals.
An impossibly beautiful girl said those words excitedly, while thrusting the
container she held in her hands towards Shidou.
Itsuka Shidou was under incredible pressure as he turned his body and called the
name of the girl.
"To-Tohka..."
"Umu? What!?"
With a carefree smile that could make flowers bloom, the girl ?? Yatogami
Tohka answered.
"......Well, about thatÅc"
There were so many things he wanted to say, but he couldn't find the appropriate
words in the face of her dazzling smile.
Unable to find something wrong with Shidou's expression, Tohka lifted the
container's lid.
"More importantly Shidou, look at this!"
The many things inside were irregularly shaped and had burn marks everywhere.
They could barely be called cookies.
Shidou and Tohka were in the same class, but in order to 'give the individual
students a holistic education'... or so they were told, things like laboratory practicals
and home economics were conducted in small groups of students.
In other words, only the girls had home economics today.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
9 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
"What is that..."
"Umu, I had everyone teach me. I made this, so try eating it!"
...
Shidou felt a shiver run down his spine.
Not because of Tohka's cookies. . .
Putting it simply ??, all the other boys were watching him with glares of
resentment.
But that wasn't completely unreasonable.
The fact that he was even able to enjoy the girl's homemade cookies made him the
target of all the other guys jealousy.
What's more, it was said that right after transferring in, that Yatogami Tohka had
exploded upwards in the (rumored) "Girl You Want Most as a Girlfriend" rankings.
The guy closest to him, just next to him, his friend Tonomachi Hiroto, had a hollow
expression on his face, [fuck, fuck, FUCCCCCK... only a dead Itsuka is a good
Itsuka] was grumbling something under his breath.
"Hm? What's wrong shidou? YouÅfre not going to eat it?"
"I... Err... About that..."
Shidou said with a nervous twitch in his cheek. Tohka's shoulders began drooping
little by little.
"Ugh... I see, it's because shidou is good at cooking..."
"?! I-It's not because of that. I-IÅfll eat it!"
Shidou made up his mind, and took a cookie from the container.
And then, as he slowly lifted it to his mouth??
"...!?"
While his attention was elsewhere, a silver blur flew in a straight line in front of his
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
10 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
eyes.
The shot came from the hallway, and after breaking the cookie in Shidou's hand into
small pieces, it pierced the wall.
"Wha-What...!?"
He shouted as his body instinctively stiffened.
Tracing back the trajectory of the silver blur, he saw a fork stuck into the wall.
*BiiiinÅcÅc* was the hum from its vibration. It had a simple design. Probably some
utensil from the cafeteria.
"What, who threw that! That's dangerous, you know!"
Tohka shouted as she turned toward the hallway. Shidou did the same as his eyes
turned in that direction.
[......]
Standing over there as if she had just thrown something a few seconds ago, was a
silent girl with her right hand stretched out.
Her skin was light colored, and she had hair that brushed the top of her shoulders.
Her features were unusual, but graceful; she had no expression whatsoever on her
face, giving off the impression of a lifeless doll.
"To-Tobiichi?"
"Nu."
Sweat was sliding down ShidouÅfs cheek, while Tohka had knitted her eyebrows
together in displeasure.
This girl??Tobiichi Origami, slowly approached them while looking at both of
them.
After stopping in front of Shidou, she lifted the lid of the container she was holding
with her left hand and brought it out like how Tohka did a few moments ago.
"You don't have to put Yatogami Tohka's thing in your mouth. If you are going to
eat something, then eat this?"
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
11 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Inside the container, there were perfect cookies that were uniform in shape lined up
in neat rows. It looked like a product straight from a factory line.
"E?ErrrrÅcÅc"
"Don't interfere! shidou is going to eat my cookies!"
While Shidou was having trouble responding, Tohka answered with a high-pitched
voice.
However. Origami didn't flinch at all. Her expression didn't even twitch as she shook
her head.
"The one who is interfering is you. You should leave immediately."
"What are you saying? Coming afterwards and acting all high and mighty!"
"The order in which we arrived does not matter. I cannot allow you to have him
ingest your cookies."
"Wha? WHAT DID YOU SAY!?"
"You did not sufficiently wash your hands . What's more, while you were baking,
you choked during the rising of the wheat flour, causing you to sneeze three times.
This is unusually unhygienic."
"WhaÅcÅc"
As if she got thrust into the void, TohkaÅfs eyes spun around.
For some reason, the moment Origami finished speaking, the surrounding male
students started to get very noisy and excited. All eyes were on TohkaÅfs cookies.
But Tohka wasn't in any state to notice this influx of attention; *Grrr...* she clenched
her fist.
"shi-shidou is strong, so that much is okay for him!"
"You appear to be unaware of the consequences ?? Also, you messed up the
proportions of the ingredients. I donÅft think by skipping parts of the recipe, that
your cookies can be considered finished."
"...?!"
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
12 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
When Origami said that, Tohka frowned, she looked at Origami and her own
cookies.
"Wha... Why didn't you say anything when we were in class?"
"It wasn't my duty to point it out. ??In any case, the odds that my cookies would
satisfy him are obviously higher."
"Shu-Shut up! There's no way cookies from someone like you could ever be
delicious!"
Tohka shouted, while her eyes were spinning at an unstoppable speed. She took a
cookie from OrigamiÅfs container, and put it in her own mouth.
And then crispy sounds could be heard as she started chewing on it??
"Fuaa..."
Her cheeks were dyed the color of cherry blossoms, as she made an ecstatic
expression. It seemed that the cookie was delicious.
But Tohka immediately changed her expression by shaking her head vigorously.
"Fu-Fuun, It wasn't such a big deal! If your cookie is like that, then mine is more
delicious!"
"That is most unlikely. You should just gracefully admit your defeat."
"WHAT DID YOU SAY!?"
"What?"
"Ca-Calm down, both of you"
If they were left alone, a fight might break out; so Shidou went in between and
created some distance between them, while saying "Maa, maa" in order to calm them
down.
"NuÅc then shidou, whose cookies do you want to eat?"
"Eh?"
And, faced with such words all of a sudden, Shidou made a idiotic sound.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
13 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Tohka and Origami, from both the left and right at the same time, brought out their
containers.
"Well, shidou?"
"..."
Both Tohka and Origami had glints in their eyes that could pierce and pin down an
enemy, and as they stared at Shidou, a sweat drop began to flow down his cheek.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
14 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
15 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
...Somehow, it was an atmosphere where no matter which one he ate, he would be
killed.
Shidou followed what are his survival instincts? and took the cookies from both
containers with both his hands, and put them in his mouth at the same time.
"Uh, y-yeah, they are great! Both of your cookies taste great!"
Tohka and Origami stared at shidouÅfs condition.
"Umu, my cookie was eaten a bit faster!"
"Mine was 0.02 seconds faster."
These words were both said at the exact same time.
"..."
"..."
And then, their faces quietly met.
"...Errrr"
Today was not the first time that the ambiance was like that.
Shidou felt like giving up or something like that, but jumped once again in between
both of them.
And at that very moment, as expected from both sides, a huge amount of stress that
was building in their fists was released and aimed at each other's vitals ??and
ended up hitting the head and the belly of the poor boy who got between them.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
16 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
17 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Chapter 1: Mission: Under One Roof
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
18 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
19 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 1
"...Haaa..."
Shidou let out a long and heavy sigh.
Walking upon the residential street as the sun slowly set, he dragged his legs and
knees like an old man as he slowly moved forward.
Fatigue had set into his face, and somehow, even the fringe that was almost entirely
covering his eyes had lost its luster.
Although he was only a 16-year-old boy......he looked older than his age.
But, that was something to be expected!
"...Haaa."
He sighed one more time.
In the end, Tohka and Origami had started quarrelling, with Shidou having to
intervene.
Plus, the conflict between the two of them wasn't new.
Although Tohka enrolled just a month ago into the same Raizen High School that
Shidou was attending, the two of them (Tohka and Origami) would have
competitions like this every single day.
??However, if it was simply about normal schoolgirls having some verbal
quarrels, Shidou probably wouldn't be in such a critical condition.
"..."
Shidou recalled Tohka and Origami's forms from last month.
On one side was an evil [Spirit] that people thought as a disaster that would wreck
the world.
On the other side was an Anti-Spirit Team wizard belonging to the JGSDF.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
20 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
They were both girls with abnormal powers beyond that of humans.
For the time being, it was a normal human being, Shidou, who was acting as the
mediator between these two girls.
"Seriously, can't those two just get along...?"
After saying that, Shidou lowered his head gloomily, realizing his own dumb
remarks.
Until a month ago, both of their goals would have been to take each other's life.
Right now, in order to prevent Tohka's Spirit from going berserk, Origami and the
rest of the AST openly avoided aiming for her life according to the
[Orders]...Naturally, forming a good relationship was not going to be a simple task
? that was obvious.
However, if this were to continue on, then Shidou's body wouldn't last, as one would
expect from this situation.
Shidou then released his biggest sigh yet??
"Hmm...?"
Suddenly, he lifted his head up.
Unexpectedly, standing alone, he felt something cold drip on his neck.
"...Uwaa"
He said it like he was groaning, and a frown appeared on his face.
Before he knew it, the sky was getting covered by heavy gray clouds.
"Rain, huh? Hey, hey, didn't the weather forecast say it was going to be clear [fine
day]?"
He ranted against the weather forecaster whose recent predictions have been off the
mark.
And with an unbelievable timing that made it seem like this was planned from the
beginning, *splash* *splash*, large water droplets started to stain the asphalt road.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
21 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
"Argh, damn it..."
In a hurry, he raised his bag that he was holding onto above his head. He then
hurriedly jogged to his house.
But, as if the rain was laughing at Shidou, it intensified in a blink of an eye.
"Hey, hey, you can't be serious..."
As he felt the cold sensation spread all over his uniform, Shidou frowned his
eyebrows in annoyance.
Now that both of his parents were overseas on a business trip and the housework
was thus left to Shidou, the latter, instead of thinking of matters such as "my clothes
are sticking to my body, how uncomfortable" or "it'd be bad if I were to catch a
cold", was rather concerned about whether his uniform would get dry the next day.
A concern that is usually left to the housewife. Trying as much as he could to avoid
getting his clothes wet, he ran toward the direction of his house even though he
knew that it would be a futile effort.
However, immediately after turning right at a T-junction...
"Ah..."
In the middle of the downpour, Shidou suddenly stopped running.
He resisted the numbness in his legs. It wasn't like his legs were tired, or that he
stopped caring about being drenched.
But because in front of him was --------
Instead of the water jewels that were falling from the sky, there was something else
that bothered him that appeared from afar.
"A girl...?"
Shidou's lips spoke those words.
Yes, it was apparently a girl.
A mantle with a cute design, wrapped around her body, was forming a small
shadow.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
22 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Her face was not visible, mainly because her hood with decorative rabbit ears was
covering her entire face.
What was standing out the most was her left hand.
An amusing-looking rabbit-shaped puppet was equipped on it.
Such a girl, in an area which was empty of people...
*pyon* *pyon*
...was hopping around cheerfully in circles.
"What...?"
Shidou scrunched his eyebrows and watched the girl.
In his head, questions were being processed.
'Why was that girl not holding an umbrella but jumping up and down under the rain
instead?'? No, that wasn't the question.
Why?
Why did he feel like as if his eyes were being stolen by that girl?
It was a question like that.
She was certainly wearing an eye-catching attire.
But no, it's wasn't about that.
Although he couldn't put it into words well, an uncomfortable sensation was
overflowing in Shidou's mind.
It was an incomprehensible sensation. Plus, he recently felt something identical to
that.
"..."
The cold rain clung against his skin as his clothes were wet, but he no longer cared
about this discomfort.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
23 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
He could only stare at the girl, who was dancing freely in the middle of the
downpour of cold raindrops?
*Sliiiiiiiiide*!
"What...?"
He opened his eyes, bewildered by what just happened.
...The girl lost her footing.
Her face and stomach hit the ground hard, splashing the water puddle. Incidentally,
the puppet on her left hand slipped off and flew forward.
And then, lying face-down on the ground, she had stopped moving.
"...H-Hey!"
Shidou in panic rushed over, and turned her over while holding her small body.
"A-Are you okay? Hey!"
For the first time, he was able to see the girl's face.
Her age should be around Shidou's sister's - Kotori's age. Her azure, fluttering hair
was blue as the sea. Her soft lips had a pink color and she was a girl that looked like
a beautiful French doll.
"...!"
And then, the girl opened her eyes, revealing her long eyelashes and her sapphirelike
pupils.
"Ahh...I'm glad. Are you hurt somewhere?"
After Shidou said that, the girl's face turned ghastly pale and her eyes were spinning
round and round, then she sprung up as if she was trying to escape from Shidou.
After that, she pulled a certain distance between them; her whole body started to
faintly tremble. She looked at Shidou with fear in her eyes.
"...Err..."
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
24 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Well, although it was simply in order to help her, he did suddenly touch her body,
which might have been a careless act...despite that, Shidou was still a little shocked.
"Ab-About that. I was just??"
"?! Don't, come closer... please..."
"Eh?"
Just as Shidou made a step forward, the girl timidly said:
"Please...Don't hurt...me."
The girl followed with those words.
Did she see Shidou as someone who would harm her? It did seem that way, and she
looked like a trembling little animal.
"Errr..."
And, to Shidou, who had no idea how to react to that, noticed the puppet that fell on
the ground.
It should be something that previously fell off the girl's hand. He slowly bended
over, picking it up, then presented it to the girl.
"Is this...yours?"
"...!"
The girl widened her eyes and wanted to rush towards Shidou, but suddenly stopped.
Although she wanted to retrieve that puppet, she made a face that expressed her fear
of approaching Shidou, so she restlessly kept waiting for a better timing.
When Shidou saw the girl's state, he made a bitter smile. He then brought forward
his hand that was holding the puppet to slowly shorten the distance.
"...!"
The girl twitched her shoulders ??maybe because she realized Shidou's
intentions, she crept forward and approached slowly.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
25 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
And then, she snatched the puppet from Shidou's hand and wore it on her left hand.
Suddenly, the girl started manipulating the puppet's mouth to open and close it.
"Yaahh??, sorry 'bout that bro. You're a life-saver?"
It was probably ventriloquism Shidou thought, as the rabbit made a strange highpitched
voice.
Tilting its head to the side, it looked at the girl's face as though it was questioning
her...And as if it wanted to barge between Shidou and the girl, the rabbit puppet
continued talking.
"???Hmmm hey?, when ya were waking me up, it looked like ya touched
Yoshinon in lots of places. So, how was it hmmm? Be honest and tell us how? was
it?"
"W-What...?"
The puppet made an impression as if it was laughing *kara* *kara*, clattering and
moving its body accordingly.
"Oh you're kidding?? Don't pretend, ya lucky pervert...Well, for the time being, ya
did help me up, so treat this as a special service that I.gave.you"
"...Haaa..., yeah."
After the puppet said those words, he gave back a bitter smile.
"Umm, well, see ya. Thanks, sir."
After the puppet said those words, the girl turned on her heels and then ran away.
"Ah?hey!"
Even though Shidou called to her, the girl did not respond.
She continued running and followed the bending road. Her figure instantly
disappeared.
"What was...that?"
A few seconds had passed after watching the strange girl retreat. Shidou was still
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
26 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
standing at that same spot; he said that while scratching his cheek.
"...Ah."
And then he realized.
He didn't realize it when he was having his attention taken away from the girl, but
?? Shidou's whole body was now totally dripping wet.
To top it off, because of the place where his knees touched the ground, his trousers
were left magnificently dirty.
"Gosh??really..."
While wondering whether there was any more stain remover left at home, he
disheveled and scratched his hair. Droplets of water left his hair and flew in every
direction.
There was nothing he could do since he was already this wet. Thus, Shidou
conveyed his current mood through a side, wanting to cheer up, and continued
walking back home.
"Ahhh...I'm soaking wet."
A few minutes have passed since he started grumbling while walking.
"...Hm?"
After finally arriving in front of his house, as he inserted the key into the house
entrance, Shidou slightly frowned.
After turning the doorknob, he pulled the door.
As expected, the door that was locked after he left opened without any resistance.
"??Kotori...that girl, she finally came home."
After taking a deep breath, Shidou's expression faintly stiffened.
Shidou's sister, Itsuka Kotori, attends the junior high school in the neighborhood, as
a 13-year-old second year junior high school student.
And at the same time, she was also a commanding officer in the organization that
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
27 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
neutralized Spirits through peaceful means. <Ratatoskr>.
Since his sister had to help the Anti-disposal unit with some matters concerning the
protection of the Spirit Tohka, she has not come home during the previous month.
Shidou sighed as the image of Kotori's face came to his mind.
"Really."
Even though he understood that she was busy on Tohka's case, he still couldn't
forgive her for sleeping outside of home without his consent.
Although she managed to attend school normally...as a brother, he had to lecture her
for a while.
"Besides??"
Shidou gulped.
There were a lot of questions that Shidou had to ask Kotori no matter what.
Shidou went through events that were hard to believe just a month ago.
Kotori had an important role to play in them.
"..."
Although it's just meeting up with his sister, it was extremely heart throbbing.
Shidou strengthened his resolve and *eei!* slapped his own cheek. Then, he stepped
foot into the house.
"??I'm home."
He took off the shoes and socks that were soaking wet because of the rain, rolled up
the cuffs of his trousers before leaving wet footprints on the wooden floor as he
walked.
From the corridor, he could hear sounds coming out from the television; there was
no doubt that Kotori should be in the living room.
Shidou changed his direction to the bathroom and tip-toed towards it.
It was impossible to have a conversation when he was soaking wet anyway. It should
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
28 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
be better to enter the living room after drying his body and changing his clothes.
While holding his bag and socks with one hand, Shidou opened the bathroom's door
like he always used to.
And?
"??!?"
In an instant, Shidou's body froze.
?In the bathroom was the figure of a girl.
Covered under the long night-colored hair were eyes that shone like crystals.
Even by adding the ten most grandiose adjective he could think of, they would not
be enough to represent 10% of the beauty of this beautiful girl that gave off an
overwhelming presence.
That girl was the only one in Shidou's memory.
It was the Spirit who was supposed to bring destruction to the world. But also the
second year, class 4, student number 35 of the public school Raizen High School.
Yatogami Tohka was there.
?There was not a single cloth that was covering her body.
"To-Tohka...?"
Shidou muttered, dumbfounded.
Her limbs could be qualified as artistically beautiful. In an instant, Shidou's retina,
optic nerve, brain cells, vibrated, became feverish and exploded.
She had breasts that could be entirely covered by his palm, a slender waist, and
buttocks that looked soft. All the girls in the world would hold a reverence that
would pierce through the boundaries of envy or jealousy to this charming yet
mysterious naked body.
"...?!"
And finally, Tohka twitched her shoulders and turned her face towards his direction.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
29 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
"Wha...shi-shidou!?"
"?! Ah, Er, No , this is a misunderstandingÅc! It's because?"
Although he didn't know what was wrong, those words automatically came off
Shidou's mouth.
"E-Enough. Just get the hell out...!"
"Guefugh...!?"
Shidou took a magnificent right straight punch to his stomach, causing him to fly
backwards, hit the wall behind, and fall hard on the floor, butt-first.
In a flash, *Slam!*, the bathroom door tightly closed.
"*Cough*, *cough*...gosh, that girl, she punched me seriously."
He said that while coughing violently, but his mind brought a little correction.
If Tohka were to punch him seriously, Shidou's body would already become a
convenient container that could be detached into two parts.
Gradually, the pain inflicted on his stomach, mind, and retina started fading away
altogether with the skin-color corrosion from the impact?? he also somehow
took back his heart's composure.
Then, the bathroom door opened by a little bit. Tohka poked her face through the
gap with her cheeks flushed bright red.
"...Did you see, shidou?"
"?!"
Shidou shook his head furiously at Tohka, who was staring him intensively.
...He actually did see a little, but if he were to be naively honest and tell her, this time
his whole body would become able to fit into a suitcase.
Tentatively she understood that and came to an agreement, after Tohka made the
sound [muu...], she fully opened the door.
Of course, Tohka has already put on her clothes.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
30 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
But it wasn't the usual school uniform. Kotori probably lent it to her; it was Shidou's
favorite dressing gown.
Due to her size being slightly bigger, her skin was showing from her collar until
her collarbone, making it oddly erotic. It was a little troubling for Shidou to know
where to place his eyes.
However, now wasn't the time to worry about that. He pointed his fingers at Tohka,
and shouted.
"Wh-What are you doing over here, Tohka...!"
But Tohka tilted her head to the side, wondering what Shidou was talking about.
"What? Didn't you hear from your little sister? I think that, hum? it was something
about some sort of training. I was told that I'll be staying here for the time being."
She said that nonchalantly.
"T-Training...!?"
After Shidou had brought his eyebrows together, he set his sight towards the
corridor.
He then stood up, walked briskly, and slammed open the door in confusion.
"Kotori! What the hell is this about!?"
"Oh?"
When he did that, the little twin-tailed kid that was sitting on the sofa, watching the
television, turned around, bringing those round eyes that looked like an acorn
towards Shidou.
"O-Onii-chan. Welcome back!"
"H-Hey I'm home...Wait, that's not it!"
He replied normally without thinking, and then furiously shook his head.
"You brought Tohka here, didn't you...? Oh, and training, what on earth is this
about...!?"
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
31 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
"Now, now... Calm down, calm down."
"How can I calm down!? W-Why did you bring Tohka here...? Isn't she supposed to
go home with Reine-san as usual!"
"Eh? Well?about that?"
Kotori stretched a finger in the direction of the kitchen.
"Oh...?"
Shidou brought his eyes towards the direction that Kotori was pointing at?and
again, he stiffened.
"...Ah, I'm coming in."
That's what she said.
There was a woman with an excessively sleepy face, arriving at the dining table that
was separating the living room and the kitchen. She was adding many sugar cubes
into a steaming hot cup.
?She was Murasame Reine, the analysis officer of [Ratatoskr] and also the assistant
homeroom teacher in charge of Shidou's class.
Incidentally, she was not wearing her usual military uniform, a white robe, but the
pajamas of Shidou's mother while having a towel hang around her neck. Her hair
was somehow a little moist.
"Re-Reine-san? What are you doing...?"
"...Fumuu?"
After reflecting on Shidou's question for a short while, she scratched her head and
said:
"...Ah, I'm sorry. Am I using too much sugar?"
"No, that's not the problem!"
He couldn't help but shout.
Reine definitely put enough sugar cubes in that cup to worry about getting
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
32 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
hyperglycemia, but that is not important now.
To calm down his own heartbeat, Shidou lightly patted his chest and then continued,
saying:
"What is this about? Shouldn't Tohka be currently living in <Fraxinus>?"
Tohka, who was currently being protected by [Ratatoskr], should now be living in
the isolated area, which also happened to be a part of the airship interior the
organization owned called <Fraxinus>. It was said that she also commuted to school
from there.
Though she had her powers sealed, she was previously known as a Spirit that
bringing destruction to the world.
It was made this way so that if, per chance, anything were to happen, immediate
actions could be taken. Not only there was that, in order to conduct a regular
inspection efficiently, it seemed a strong seal was placed in that isolated area which
also had rooms prepared.
Therefore, when Tohka finished school, she should have returned with Reine to
<Fraxinus>...
"...Aah, that's right. I should've given you an explanation."
Reine said that while rubbing her eyes, that had dark circles around them.
"...But, before that."
"Before that...?"
"...Wouldn't it be better if you change your clothes first? The floor is getting wet."
"Ah."
After being reminded of that, Shidou let out a brief sound.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
33 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
34 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 2
"...So? What is this all about?"
Shidou, having changed into his casual clothes, set his sights towards Reine and
Kotori, who were sitting on the other side of the table.
These three people were currently on the second floor of the Itsuka residence, in
Kotori's room.
The space was about the size of six tatami mats. The room was filled by pink
dressers, a bed, and there was a crowd of fancy accessories and dolls that were
placed everywhere.
He originally wanted to continue the conversation in the living room, but due to
some sensitive topics that should not reach Tohka's ears, they relocated here.
Incidentally, Tohka was under a trance, watching rebroadcasted anime in the living
room. She should be quiet for the next 20 minutes.
"Well?about this."
Kotori poked her soft cheek with her finger, pushing it upward.
"From today onwards, Tohka will be temporarily staying here in our house!"
Then, puffing her chest out with pride, she made an innocent smile.
"That is why I'm asking how it turned out to be like thiiiiiiiiiiiiiis!"
"......Now, please calm down, Shintarou."
As Shidou was shouting, Reine spoke out.
Whether or not it was a matter of course, she had still mistaken his name.
"It isn't Shintarou, but Shidou."
"......Ah, you're right. I take it back. Sorry about that, Shin."
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
35 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
"......"
It was not taken back. It just became a nickname.
He couldn't help but think it was on purpose but...as he looked closely at Reine's
face, he couldn't help but think that she might have really mistaken his name.
However, Shidou could not corner her about his name any more than this.
"......The reasons can be more or less classified into two parts."
Reine started speaking with a seemingly calm voice.
"......The first part is about??who will continue to take care of her afterwards."
"Take care of her afterwards...what do you mean?"
"......Shin. Last month, you kissed Tohka and sealed away her powers, right?"
"...Ugh, Ye-Yeah..."
Shidou lowered his head in defeat.
At the same time, the feeling from that time resurfaced, and his face reddened a
little.
"Ah?Onii-chan's face is getting red- How cute~~"
"Sh-Shut up!"
Kotori, who seemed to enjoy that, said it cheerfully from the depths of her heart.
Shidou averted his sight awkwardly.
"...Well, that's fine, but there's a problem...There's currently something like an
invisible connection running between Shin and Tohka."
"Connection? What does that mean?"
"...To put it into simpler words, when Tohka's mental states becomes unstable,
there's the chance that the spiritual power that is sealed within your body will
reflux."
"Wha...?"
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
36 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Shidou's body froze in fear.
??So the seal that was placed on Tohka's spirit powers would let them get back to
her...?
Does it not mean that Tohka will once again have the power to slice heaven and
earth in a single swing?
If by any chance that was the case?? this was a possibility that can make people
shiver just by thinking about it.
"......As you know, Tohka is now living in the isolated area of <Fraxinus>."
Whether she was aware or not of Shidou's panicked state, Reine continued talking in
a soft manner.
"......Although we are usually monitoring Tohka's condition......Somehow, when she is
on <Fraxinus>, the levels of stress measured are higher compared to the levels
when she is at school."
"I-Is that so?"
"......Yes. Moreover, it seems she doesn't like the regular inspections that occur twice
a day. Although it is within her tolerance for now, it would be hard even for an
expert to say whether we could continue on like this?? And that's why?"
Reine touched her chin with her fingers.
"?considering that the results gained from the inspections have been stable, we will
be changing Tohka's living quarters to outside of <Fraxinus> for a while." "Ha-
Haa...is that so."
"......Ahh. Due to these circumstances, it has been decided that Tohka will be staying
in this house for the time being while the special Spirit residential building is being
built."
"Please wait."
Shidou put his right palm on his forehead, his face twitching.
"......What's wrong?"
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
37 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
"Wh-Why does it have to be my house...?"
Reine made a small groan at Shidou's question.
"......Well, to put it bluntly? when she is with you, Tohka's mental state will be at its
most stable condition."
"Eh..."
As soon as those words were said, he held his breath.
"......That is to say? while this is hard for us to judge, Tohka hasn't put her trust on
any human other than you. Whether it's me or Kotori, although we had many
opportunities to be in contact with her?? that wasn't the case ......Firstly, even if it's
by a little, we will secure a safe place. Then, we will test whether if Tohka is capable
of living a normal life."
"...I see..."
Shidou wiped the sweat on his forehead.
Certainly, after the explanation, everything seemed to be clear to Shidou.
What more? well, he was told that Tohka trusted him.
...He didn't hate it.
But, as if he was going to change his mind, he lightly shook his head. This wasn't a
request he could easily accept. As if he was trying to dodge it, he asked a new
question that was directed at Reine.
"So...What is the other reason?"
"...Ahh, this one is more straight-forward ?Shin, it is for your training."
"..."
The words that were mentioned when he had changed his clothes a while ago were
repeated.
Training. With that single word, many unpleasant memories surfaced in his mind.
"Oh yeah, that topic did turn up...But, there is no need for any more training right?"
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
38 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
"...Huh? Why is that?"
"Why is that...'cos the the Spirit's power has already been sealed..."
When Shidou said that, Reine turned into a wobbly state which made her swing her
head to the side.
"......Who told you that Tohka is the only Spirit?"
"Eh...? What do mean...by?"
"......It means exactly what I said. A special trait of the calamity designated creatures
?also known as Spirits?are causing spacequakes. But Tohka isn't the only one. At
this current time, we have confirmed that there are other ones beside her."
"Wha??"
Shidou suddenly felt like his heart was getting pulled and squeezed.
?The Spirits. So Tohka wasn't the only one?
Wondering whether it was nervousness or fear, whirlpools were forming in the
bottom of his stomach. It was an emotion hard to describe. The constant trembling
that his whole body was releasing could be felt from his hands and legs, all the way
to his fingertips.
But Reine didn't care about the stiffened up Shidou, and went on.
"......Shin. We want you to continue taking on the role of conversing with the Spirits.
That's what the training is about."
"...Y-You're kidding?"
Then, just as he shouted and struck his thigh...
"??Huh?"
Kotori, who has been quietly listening to the conversation, raised her small voice.
Before anyone noticed, the color of the ribbon that had been tying her hair in
twintails had changed from white to black.
"??!"
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
39 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
...Shidou felt like he had already seen this before. Kotori was now in Commander
Mode.
"You don't want to, Shidou? Are you saying that you hate dating Spirits and making
them fall for you?"
Her tone was totally different from a few seconds ago. While giving off adult-like
vibes, Kotori had spoken.
?Right.
[Ratatoskr] proposed to use this method to subdue the Spirits, which is through
peaceful and non-violent means?
That is for Shidou to get in good terms with the Spirits, and then seal the powers in
his own body? even to put it in words, this was a stupid thing to do.
"Uh, o-of course I don't!"
Shidou having said that, Kotori bent her body slightly forward while opening her
lips.
"Geez? If that's the case, then there's nothing we can do anymore."
"Ah...?"
"We can either quietly watch the world getting messed up by spacequakes or
patiently wait for a miracle-like event by letting the AST kill the Spirits. It'll
probably be one of those two."
"...!"
After being told that, Shidou was left speechless.
It was not like he has forgotten about it? but having that reality facing him once
again made his heart struck by a prickly pain.
The Spirits, who exist in the alternate dimension that is said to be the neighboring
world, would rarely appear in this world.
On these occasions, there would be a large fluctuation with the walls between the
dimensions, causing a phenomenon known as a spacequake to occur.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
40 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Whether it was on a large or small scale? as long as Spririts appear in an area, the
latter would be absurdly destroyed, as though a bomb had exploded.
After that, the Spirits would be known as dangerous existences, and people would be
attempting to eliminate them by any means with the help of members of the JGSDF's
Anti-Spirits Team's, the AST's, military powers.
"The unusual power that can seal the ones of the Spirits away? you are the only
person in the whole world that holds that. And yet, you're saying that you don't want
to do this. Doesn't it mean that there is no possible alternative anymore?"
"...Wh-What's with...that..."
Shidou looked as if he was in pain.
A heavy responsibility was put on him without him knowing. His stomach started to
ache due to the heaviness of his duty.
But?back to the original topic...
There were still a lot of things that Shidou had to confirm no matter what.
"?Kotori."
"What is it?"
As if she somehow managed to guess what Shidou was about to ask, Kotori
leisurely replied.
"...First of all, will you tell me what on earth is [Ratatoskr]? When did you enter into
such an organization? And?about my power, what on earth is it?"
Yes. That was what Shidou always wanted to know.
Due to Kotori always being away from home, he wasn't able to ask her that
Kotori sighed, and took out her favorite food?a Chupa Chups?from her pocket.
Only after unwrapping it and putting it in her mouth that she began to talk.
"?I guess you're right. This is also the right opportunity to tell you, so let me get
straight to the point."
After saying that, she let the back of her body lean on the cushion behind her.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
41 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
"[Ratatoskr] was formed by volunteers...Well, to put it simply, it was something like
a kind of nature conservation association? And of course, its existence was not
publicly announced."
"Nature conservation association huh..."
Somehow, he felt like it was something that didn't make sense, and because of that he
hesitated to interrupt the talk. As if he wanted her continue talking, he continued
making only agreeable responses.
"Yup...What's more, the main goal and the reason for forming [Ratatoskr]? is to
shelter the Spirits and to provide them with a blessed and happy life......Well, it also
seems like there are corrupt people in the biggest leadership group, the ROUNDS,
that want to do something like obtaining the enormous powers of the Spirits."
"Ah...? Wasn't it to prevent the spacequakes?"
"Well, of course there is that. But that is a secondary goal. If that's how you see it,
then we are the same as the AST."
"...Hmm, well, I guess you're right. So...such an organization exists. When and why
did you become the Commander there? I had no idea of what you were."
He said those words in displeasure.
Although he didn't have any intent to say 'Don't keep secrets from me', this was
something important? that is to be hiding a secret like being involved in something
that can endanger her life. He was a little unsatisfied as an older brother.
Having guessed his feelings, Kotori snorted.
"I was appointed as the commander of the combat unit of [Ratatoskr]...around five
years ago, I think."
"Five years ago......Huh? Wait, WHA...!?"
After Shidou finished making simple calculations in his head? he lifted his tilted
head back to its normal position.
"Stop spouting that crap. Five years ago...weren't you just an 8-year-old girl?!"
Shidou was hit by a feeling of disbelief.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
42 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Even though it was not an ordinary organization, still, to have a girl that is about as
old as an elementary third year student be its commander, that is just plain crazy.
"Well, during those few years, it was something like training. In reality, it was only
recently that I have taken the command post."
"N-No, it isn't about that. Why would they take a small girl in the first place?"
"Well, how do I put it? [Ratatoskr] realized that I possess an overflowing
intelligence."
"How can I be convinced by something like that!"
"Even if you tell me that, nothing can be done since it's the truth. Why can't you just
believe in the words of your little sister more obediently? Do you think you will
look smart if you doubt other people's word?"
...Her behavior was completely different from the usual cute Kotori's. Sweat was
drooping down Shidou's cheek.
"......That double personality of yours, is it [Ratatoskr's] fault?"
After Shidou said that, Kotori snorted.
"That's simplistic and rude. Think a little before you say anything. In the first place
this is?"
"This is...?"
"......"
After Kotori looked at Shidou with a difficult expression, she swung her head away
and ignored Shidou's words.
"?That matter isn't important. Right now, we are talking about [Ratatoskr]. Plus,
about five years ago, some incidents happened and became the turning point for the
organization."
"Hey, don't just change the?"
But, Shidou words were stopped halfway.
It was because Kotori put her fingers around the rod of the Chupa Chups she was
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
43 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
eating, took it out of her mouth and pointed it at Shidou.
"?Due to the discovery of the boy who can seal the Spirits' power with a kiss,
[Ratatoskr] thereafter has positively shifted its objective towards protecting Spirits."
"Wha..."
Shidou's eyebrows were deformed in shock.
"An-And that boy is...me, right?"
"Yes."
Kotori nodded, and once again, put the Chupa Chups back into her mouth.
And as for Shidou, things were chaotic in his head. Having all kinds of information
being given to him in one shot, it became impossible to process all of it.
"Wait, please wait a moment...First of all, why was I provided with this kind of
power?"
"Dunno."
"Huh...? N-Nononono. Don't try to deliberately mystify that matter."
"I'm not deliberately mystifying it. I really don't know. Through the medium of a kiss,
it can rob and take away the Spirit's power, and seal it safely inside one's body. I
only know that you had this ability. As for the reason why you have these powers, I
personally have no idea."
"Th-Then, how did you know that I have this kind of power! And five years ago!
What on earth happened back then!"
The moment Shidou said that while scratching his head...
Kotori averted her gaze to the ground.
"..."
After seeing that she seemed different than usual and took on an expression of grief,
Shidou was shocked.
She looked as if she was feeling deep sorrow. As if she recalled some painful
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
44 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
memories.
??It looked like she felt remorse because of something wrong that could not be
undone.
On that? face.
"Ko-Kotori...?"
When Shidou called her name, Kotori came back to earth, and her shoulders slightly
trembled.
"Eh?yeah, it was discovered through [Ratatoskr]'s observation device. That's how it
was. And I also managed through the same method."
She was completely different compared to her usual Commander Mode. Plus,
Kotori said those vague words in an evasive manner.
But he...for some reason, he didn't have the heart to pursue this subject any longer.
"A-Anyway?"
After Kotori coughed and cleared her throat, she pointed at Shidou with her finger.
"Right now, the most important information is that [you have the powers to do
something about the Spirits]. Got it?! So make your choice? From now on, will
you accept or not to capture the Spirits' heart for us?"
"..."
Shidou pressed his lips together in displeasure. It was a question that has quite a bad
disposition.
Shidou was the only one that could seal the powers of the Spirits.
If Shidou doesn't do this, the Spirits? the thing is, their existence and circumstances
are the same with Tohka's, so Shidou has thoughts of wanting to save them. Every
time they come over to this side of the world, the AST would attack them.
Even though it's not the intention of the girl to destroy this world.
Having a one-sided conclusion, deciding they are a disaster and aiming for their
lives.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
45 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
And there's?? that problem with the spacequakes.
If the Spirits powers aren't sealed, someday again, there was a chance that the largescale
great disaster level of that Eurasia might happen again.
Shidou made a big sigh and scratched off some of his hair.
"...Give me a little time, to think about it."
"?Well, that is okay for now."
Kotori said that with a sigh, and directed her gaze towards Reine, who was sitting
beside her.
"Well then Reine, the preparations."
"...Okay, leave them to me ...Or rather, everything is already complete."
After Reine said that while wobbling her head, Kotori whistled.
"As expected. You work fast."
"...Preparations? What is that about?"
A bad feeling resurfaced when those two made that restless conversation. Shidou
asked them while sweat was dripping down off his cheek.
When he did that, Kotori replied like it was a natural thing to do.
"Eh? Therefore, Tohka's room preparation was already decided. She is going to use
the second floor's guest room."
"Wai-Wait a minute! Didn't you say you will let me think for a bit!"
"Yes, that's why you shouldn't worry about things here. Take your time and think."
"Don't speak the impossibleeeeee!!!!!"
When Shidou shouted, Kotori blocked her ears in relief.
"You're noisy. Either way, until the specially designated residential area is finished,
we have no choice but to let Tohka stay here. By the time you'll make your decision,
it'll be too late for training."
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
46 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
"Even If you say something like that...I think there's something wrong with having a
young girl and boy of the same age living in the same house..."
As Shidou's face was beet red when he said that, Kotori coldly laughed at him.
"If you were able to make such mistakes, we wouldn't have any hardships at all."
"Guh..."
It was a little saddening that he couldn't deny it.
"But, even so...!"
And, as Shidou was still clinging onto opposition, from Shidou's back?the door
that installed in Kotori's room entrance, *Kachin*, opened.
"...!"
His shoulder twitched, and then turned around.
While he was wondering how long has she been there, from the corridor Tohka
gave him an anxious look.
"...shidou. As I thought, I can't? I...can't stay here?"
"...Uh."
With eyebrows that are shaped in the form of a î™, Tohka looked over with sad
eyes, causing Shidou to be left speechless.
...If there was any human that can say no in this situation, he would really like to
meet him.
Shidou, made a loooooong sigh.
"...I-I understand..."
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
47 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
48 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 3
"ÅcSo, speaking of this training, what is it? What on Earth are you going to make
me do?"
Shidou, after having his head forcefully dragged around about three hours ago?
After finishing his dinner, Shidou asked Kotori, who was sitting on the living room
sofa.
The only ones in the Itsuka family living room were Shidou and Kotori.
After all that, Reine returned to <Fraxinus>. As for Tohka, after eating dinner, she
proceeded towards the guest room. The accessories she used while staying at the
isolated area of <Fraxinus> were delivered a little while ago. It seems she was
unpacking her luggage now.
"Nothing in particular, itÅfs OK to do nothing."
Kotori, who had her hair tied up with the black ribbon, said that while moving her
lips, which had a finished rod hanging from her mouth (of course, it was not
tobacco, but a Chupa Chups).
"HuhÅc? What do you mean? After saying all that stuff about training."
"Un??, speaking accurately, the theme this time is to lead an ordinary lifestyleÅcI
think."
"Ah?"
"Basically, your training, based on the assumption that you will be dating all the
Spirits from now on, is to manage to have a conversation with girls without being
nervous."
"ÅcAh, now that I think about it, you did say something like that."
After he recalled having to train with galge last month and to undergo training in
the art of flirting? his cheek twitched.
"This time, we will be making the best of 'living together with a girl' as live combat
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
49 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
training. The point is that even if you suddenly encounter a chest tightening situation
with a girl, you will stay calm and be able to behave gentlemanly and act
accordingly."
"ÅcHaa."
"That's why Shidou, during the time that you are living together with Tohka, no
matter the kind of naughty event that will happen, it will be best if you can cope with
the situation without being flustered."
"WhaÅcWhatÅfs up with thatÅc"
ShidouÅfs brow formed a grand wrinkle, and he moaned.
Suddenly a new question floated into his mind.
"ÅcSpeaking of which, why must I seduce the Spirits in the first place? You can just
seal the Spirits' powers by kissing, right? In that case, there's no need to abruptly
strike??"
"Oh my, is forcing yourself on others what you prefer, Shidou? Good luck in not
having your name appear in the morning newspapers."
"I won't be in them!"
As Shidou shouted, Kotori shrugged her shoulders in a relieved manner.
"??ItÅfs useless. If the Spirits don't open their hearts to Shidou, they won't let you
seal their powers completely."
"Is-Is that soÅc?"
"Yes, and I don't particularly mean that they have to be deeply in love. At the very
least, it will be hard if they don't trust you enough for them to not refuse the kiss.
That's why Reine monitors the Spirits individually on their mood and positive
feelings."
"Ha,HaaaÅc"
The more he hears about this, the harder it is to understand what his ability is.
"ÅcHm?"
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
50 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
And? Shidou twisted his head.
For Kotori, it seems she began moving her lips normally.
"ÅcI see, I understand. UnÅclaterÅc"
If he looked closely, in KotoriÅfs right ear, he could see she was wearing a small
intercam.
"Kotori? Who are you talking to?"
"??Aah, it's nothing. DonÅft worry about it?? more importantly Shidou."
Thus, Kotori jumped off the sofa and stood up.
"I want to go to the toilet."
"Huh? Why donÅft you just go then."
"From what I saw a while ago, the light bulb is out. Could you go on ahead and
change it?"
"?? AhhÅcI don't mind."
While Shidou was thinking that Kotori was being very suspicious, he pulled out a
spare light bulb from one of the shelves.
He then took a stool meant for this type of work and headed towards the toilet.
And then, after he put the stool on the floor he proceeded to open the door?
"?!?"
His posture froze accordingly.
But it was a natural thing to do. In any case? it was because his guest was in there,
on the toilet.
"WhaÅcshidou!?"
Tohka was currently sitting there with her panties below her knees.
"ToÅcTo-To-To-To-To-To-To-TohkaÅc!? What are you doing over??"
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
51 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Shidou squeezed out that voice, while he felt his pulse rate suddenly accelerate.
Weird. The toilet door was not locked.
In addition, the light bulb which Kotori said was out? was shining brightly and
dazzlingly. Incidentally, the light switch that was installed beside the door was off.
This was absurd, for someone that entered abruptly to be able to see through this
ploy.
"Tha-ThatÅfs my line!, hurry up and close it!"
With Tohka's cheeks turning beet red, at the same time as having one hand pulling
down her gownÅfs hem, she violently grabbed the toilet paper that was installed on
the wall, and then threw it at ShidouÅfs face with all her might.
"GoahÅc!?"
Although it was just soft toilet paper, but if it was thrown abruptly, it would still have
a decent amount of impact.
Shidou emitted a groan, and collapsed facing up on that spot.
*Roll**Roll**Roll*ÅcÅcand, the toilet paper that had commenced a kamikaze [2A 1]
attack on ShidouÅfs nose drew a white line along the corridor.
"Wha-What happenedÅc?"
And while Shidou was gazing at the ceiling, Kotori appeared overhead.
"That was pathetic. Even though I just told you not to panic and get flustered."
Because of her daunting pose as Shidou laid on his back, her underwear was fully
exposed. Well, even if it was Shidou, because it was his sister Åfs panties, he was not
panicking.
"ÅcKotori. This is your faultÅc"
As Shidou said that, Kotori took the Chupa Chups by the stick, popped the candy out
of her mouth and held it up beside her lips.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
52 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
53 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
ÅcWhat happened was that they had estimated when Tohka would enter the toilet,
before sending Shidou to attack. And what's more, they politely played with the door
lock and the light switch.
"??ShidouÅfs condition is always being monitored by the <Fraxinus>. Then the
crew and AI will judge each of ShidouÅfs corresponding success rates individually?
And of course this time, itÅfs a failure."
After saying that, Kotori showed Shidou something that she was hiding behind her
back.
"AhÅc?"
It was a small-sized radio.
Kotori inserted a battery into it, and matched the frequency. As she did that??
"?This world, it is filled with deceit. The adults are all rotten. We can't be like that.
Show them the power ? the overflowing wonder. We canÅft stop our legs that will
face the future?"
ÅcIt was a poem he had heard from somewhere being blandly recited out loud.
Yes. It was something that Shidou wrote when he was in middle school.
"GyÅcGyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahh!?"
Shidou screamed as if he had ceased functioning, pulled out the radio's battery and
dropped it.
"Even if you do that it's useless. After all, it is already being aired."
"WhaÅc!?"
ShidouÅfs face was completely dyed red.
"It is the Penalty's successor from last time. It will be a problem if you don't take it
seriously just because this is training?? well, relax. As long as you donÅft get it all
wrong, something like revealing the author's name will not happen."
"Isn't that saying that if I get all of it wrong, it will be revealed!"
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
54 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
"That's why I'm saying that before it happens so you can get used to it. It's not like I
told you to make her get all lovey-dovey. No matter how nervous you get, if you
calm down and are able to act correspondingly, you pass."
"Tha-ThatÅfs unreasonableÅc"
The galge was much better. The training this time had a degree of difficulty that was
too high for Shidou, who had no immunity.
"Spe-Speaking of which, didn't you say we shouldn't make Tohka's mental stability
even worseÅc!?"
"Ahhhh, well that's not a problem. There are a lot of things that will cause her
emotions to swing. In these sorts of events, the chances that the Spirit powers
reverse back to her are very low."
"Bu-But even soÅc"
And, while Shidou was saying that, from his back a - *screech* - sound echoed.
Tohka opened the toilet door by a bit, and half of her fully red face peeked out.
"To-TohkaÅc?"
Even though it was KotoriÅfs fault in the first place, but for someone who was caught
doing something like peeping just a moment ago, it was hard to face each other.
Shidou averted his gaze and said in a soft voice.
"So-SorryÅcit wasn't on purpose. Please forgive meÅc"
After he said that, Tohka, with cheeks that were blushing in embarrassment, pointed
at the white line along the corridor that she was focusing on.
"ÅcI will forgive youÅcso erm, someÅchow, could you please get me the paper?"
"AhÅc"
Which reminded him that the toilet paper that was meant for emergency use might
be out.
Shidou took the toilet paper that fell on the corridor with his hands, rolled it back
and handed it to Tohka.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
55 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
56 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 4
"Shidou, it seems that the bath is ready, so go on ahead."
What kind of traps did you set up this timeÅc?
Shidou braced himself, when Kotori threw those words at him, it was around 8 P.M.
"ÅcThe bath, huh."
Shidou answered in a hollow voice, and was creeping his head into the living room.
While Kotori was lying down, she was holding a controller from a game console
connected to the television.
As expected, TohkaÅfs presence? was absent.
Yes. Just a while ago, when Shidou stepped away for a few minutes, TohkaÅfs figure
had disappeared.
Kotori said that she went to go get something from her roomÅchaving reached this
stage, Shidou wasnÅft that naive to believe that.
"ÅcNo, IÅfm okay with taking it afterwards. How about you going ahead, Kotori?"
"ÅcÅc"
*Twitch*
Kotori, who was enjoying swaying along in sync with the gameÅfs BGM, halted her
fingers for a moment. Shidou did not overlook it.
"IÅfll pass. Right now is the good part."
! She said that with a poker face while looking at the screen.
?Shidou was certain of this.
This is a trap set by Kotori.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
57 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
While Shidou wasnÅft there, they made Tohka enter the bath, same as with the toilet
incident just moments ago, and they would then have Shidou barge in. They were
probably planning to produce a happy and embarrassing situation.
A commander with many stratagems in her head like Itsuka Kotori would never
overlook an opportunity such as the classic bath scenario.
However, Shidou had already experienced the bathroom incident when he returned
home. There was no way he would fall for it a second time.
While making a small shrug with his shoulders? it was time to play his prized,
hidden card.
"Oh well, don't be like that? especially today, since we are going to use the bubble
bath melt."
"?!?"
In an instant. KotoriÅfs twin tails twitched and ruffled up.
Everyone in the Itsuka family have the opportunity to enjoy the carbonated gas when
bubble bath melt were to be used. However, only the first person to take a bath was
assigned to put them.
As such, Kotori had almost never missed this role before.
"ÅcÅc"
"ÅcÅc"
A moment of silence after an evening meal.
If a person that doesnÅft know anything sees this, they would probably see a quiet
scene of a brother and sister.
But? right now, severe psychological warfare (?) had unfolded between these two.
-Well, what are you going to do now, Kotori?
Right now in ShidouÅfs mind; KotoriÅfs impregnable castle was being assaulted by
bubble bombs, a downright surreal scene unfolded.
Kotori, in a calm manner, moved her toes. Shidou was sure of his victory, and
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
58 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
raised the sides of his lips.
?Fu,hahahahahaha! DonÅft look down on me, you little brat. For I, Itsuka Shidou,
have been your brother for many years, it isn't just for show.
But, for a brief moment, Kotori replied with a shaky voice,
"HeÅcHeeeeeeeeeee, YesÅcÅcThat's niceÅcÅcShidou, go on in...first."
"WhaÅc"
From that unexpected response, Shidou raised his eyebrows? No matter how much
she is in Commander mode, there was no way Kotori could fight back against the
magical powers of the bath bubbles!
ÅcAnd, looking closely, KotoriÅfs shoulders were trembling, he understood that by
seeing that and from seeing her right hand tightly gripping her left hand.
"ÅcÅc"
She was completely holding it in.
And-at that time,
"Kotori, sorry to make you wait. Well, itÅfs a challenge!"
From behind a voice echoed, Shidou turned around in shock.
Over there was, Tohka standing there while holding something that looked like a
blanket.
"Tohka?!"
"Nu, what's wrong shidou? Making such a weird face."
"N-NoÅcwhere did you go?"
"Un. Kotori asked me to play a game with her, but today was a little cold after all. So
I went to find something that can cover my knees from the inside of my room."
"ÅcWha-"
From Tohka words, Shidou reflexively staggered. He felt like his sight began to
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
59 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
distort and blur.
-Was Kotori speaking the truth? Shidou, had gotten himself all worked up for
nothingÅc!?
"ÅcI'm going to take? a bathÅc"
For some reasons it felt like he had lost. Shidou exited the living room all wobbly.
"?? shidou, whatÅfs wrong?"
"ÅcI wonder."
The voices of these two were heard behind him as he left the corridor. He prepared
clothes and a bath towel randomly, before opening the changing room door of the
bathroom.
"ÅcÅc"
Just in case, he knocked on the bathroom door before opening it.
"ÅcWhat, there really is no one."
He let out a sigh of relief, and quickly took off his clothes before entering the bath.
The moment he grabbed the bubble solution in his hand? he suddenly felt like he
had done something bad to Kotori.
He thought of letting Kotori use it tomorrow instead. He tossed in the ordinary
bathwater additive that doesn't produce bubbles into the bathtub.
And then he quickly washed his body before sinking his body into the bath dyed in a
milky white color.
"Fuu~~"
A long and slender sigh. Many repeated echoes resounded off the bathroom walls
and returned back into his ears.
"Today was againÅcTiringÅcÅc"
He sunk his shoulders into the hot bath, and let out another sigh.
From the pores of his body, it felt like his entire body's fatigue melted away.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
60 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Shidou, took his time and slowly closed his eyelids.
ÅcAnd now, he wondered how much time past.
"-Fun,fufufufu-n,fufu-n~"
The sounds of someone humming, brought Shidou out of his daze.
"AhÅc? WhatÅc?"
Shidou rubbed his drowsy looking eyes, and faced towards the direction where the
humming was coming from?
"?!"
His body stiffened, and he cursed himself for letting his guard down.
But that was natural. Because right now, facing the glass that separates the bathroom
from the changing room, he saw the faintly visible figure of a black haired girl.
"Thi-This was your aim huh, Kotori?!"
Shidou groaned while holding back his stomach.
Making it look like it was the same pattern as last time and then using a surprise
attack.
It wasnÅft to have Shidou move towards where Tohka was, but the reverse.
While being simple, it was an effective strategy. Because currently, Shidou has no
place to run.
"I've been deceived. Kotori?!"
Right now in ShidouÅfs mind; Kotori was wearing sunglasses while making an
inappropriate laugh and saying, [Because youÅfre a little boy] while sipping on a
glass of whiskey. That scene floated across his mind.
Having finished removing her cloths, Tohka put her hands on the bathroom door.
"?!"
Shidou in confusion, and without thinking, dove into the bathtub and shut the lid
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
61 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
before he could be found.
And then as if in an appearance of someone who was passing by, the sound of the
door opening was heard.
Next, with a *rattling* sound, the lid of the bathtub was removed. And then-
"Tou!"
*Splash!*
And, without checking the inside of the bathtub, Tohka vigorously jumped into the
bathtub.
Splashing into hot water- and at the same time, Shidou felt something soft land his
on stomach.
"Nu?"
And finally, Tohka felt something was unusual.
ThusÅcShidou could no longer continue holding his breath and broke from the
surface of the milky water with he made 'a good day pose' on his face.
"Y-Yo."
"ÅcÅc"
After that in just a few seconds.
"??!?"
Tohka, face was glowing as red as a tomato, and raised a scream that doesnÅft sound
like a voice.
"Ca-calm down, TohkaÅc!"
"-! You idiot! D-DonÅft come outÅc!"
Tohka grabbed Shidou's head with all her strength, and plunged him down into the
water.
Naturally, Shidou who didnÅft take a good breath, didn't have sufficient oxygen in his
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
62 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
lungs.
"?! ÅcÅcÅcÅc!"
And then having been locked in this grapple in the bathtub for a while.
Shidou finally lost consciousness, *plop*Åcand began floating in the bathtub.
Somewhere in his mind; Kotori said [yes, itÅfs a No], he felt like he again heard a
long voice from the radio? but there was nothing Shidou could do.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
63 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
64 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 5
"That was a comp?completelyÅcÅcbad experience."
He somehow brought back his consciousness. Shidou after coming out of the bath,
washed the accumulating pile of dishes in the sink and prepared tomorrowÅfs rice.
Finally returning to his own room? he was completely tired out.
The clock hand turned to 11 OÅfclock.
The good children, both Tohka and Kotori, were already sleeping in their respective
rooms.
Although for a healthy young high school boy it was still early? todayÅfs fatigue
wasnÅft normal at all.
?As expected, even for Kotori, today was exhausting.
Shidou entered his room and then dived into his bed. He immediately fell asleep.
"ÅcÅcri. Kotori, please wake up. It's time."
Everyone has already fallen asleep? it was long into night. She felt that her right
eardrum vibrated and Kotori twitched her eyebrows.
"UÅcÅcnnÅcÅc"
But, to be woken up by something like that, a 13-years-old sleep (such as Itsuka
Kotori) wasnÅft that shallow.
On top of her bed she twisted her body around, rolling up the blanket and winding it
around her body before turning over to the side, and once again started to give out
calm sleeping sounds.
"ÅcKotori. Kotori. Please do not go back to sleep"
"Un~"
Kotori used her hands to rub her weak blinking eyes, and sluggishly brought her
body up.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
65 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
"Whaaat is itÅcOniii-chaanÅc"
"ÅcÅcSorry but I am not Shin. ItÅfs me, Reine."
She made a small twist with her neck, and "FuaaaaaaaaÅcÅcÅc" giving one big yawn.
"ReineÅc? What's wrong, at a time like thisÅc"
While Kotori was rubbing her eyes with her one hand, and the other was swinging at
the bedside, finding her hand phone while groping with her hands, she turned on the
lights on the menu screen and squinted her eyes towards the display.
It was 3:20 A.M. It was the time when, all good and bad kids were inside their
dreams.
"ÅcThe preparations are ready. WeÅfre leaving the final instructions to you."
After being told that, Kotori [ah] opened her mouth with a small gap.
"UnÅcOh yeahÅcI asked you...to help me...wake upÅc"
While Kotori was bobbing her head like Reine, she once again reached towards the
area around her bedside.
And she took into her hand, a mouth-sized rod attached candy that she had placed
there. She then tore open the messy wrapping and shoved it into her mouth.
"-!"
At that instant, on her tongue something like an explosive-like feeling was
transmitted to her brain. Kotori jiggled her whole body. And at the same time, a
refreshing and stimulating fragrance passed through her nasal cavity.
Yes, that wasnÅft the usual Chupa Chups. It was her secret weapon, the super
refreshing Super Mental Candy that Kotori uses only when she wants to hold back
her drowsiness.
Kotori took her black ribbon in her hands, and tied her hair in her usual twin tails.
"Ah- I have woken up. Sorry about that, Reine."
"ÅcI don't mind- without delay, this is the report. Shin is currently in a sleeping
state."
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
66 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
"I see. And, how about the other members?"
"ÅcI told them to be on stand-by as ordered. We can go at any time."
"ThatÅfs sufficient."
When Kotori said that, she killed the sound of her footsteps and left her room,
descended down the stairs and reached the front door.
And then, with the sound of *kachinn*, the door was unlocked.
In front of the front door there were black battle uniforms and Balaclava.[2A 2],
There were several men in this American Special Forces-like attire ready on standby.
"The target is on the second floor. IÅfm counting on all of you."
"Roger."
The men obeyed KotoriÅfs instruction, and invade the Itsuka house without making
any sound with their feet.
"UnÅcUunnnÅc"
Shidou let out a small moan, and on top of the bed he lightly stretched his spine.
His eyes greeted the morning sun light coming from the window, and the sound of
birds chirping was entering into his ear.
"UnÅcItÅfs already morning huh."
He spilled out a yawn, while blinking his eyes, he turned to the other side of the bed.
?And.
"AhÅc? What is thisÅc?"
The felt like his cheek touched something soft. Shidou raised his eyebrows a little.
In order to find its identity, he slowly placed his hand around his head, and felt
around.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
67 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
When he did that, from the direction above his head.
"UnÅc"
What the?
A cute voice was heard.
"ÅcÅc"
Shidou stopped his breathing for a moment, and gathers his thoughts.
He took a glance of his surroundings. In front of his eyes was a thin fleece cloth.
And on the ceiling, he could see a lamp, that was different from his own room.
Over there? This was not ShidouÅfs room.
Judging from the roomÅfs interiorÅcIt looked like it was the guest room on the
second floor which he seldom entered.
"Whi~ch me~ansÅc"
He slowly, very slowly turned his face to look up above his head.
"ÅcÅcMu?"
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
68 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
69 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Over there, as expected, was TohkaÅfs beautiful appearance.
She probably woke up moments ago. The instant Shidou raised his sights upwards?
their eyes, met.
"ÅcÅc"
"ÅcÅc"
After a few seconds.
"Hiiiiiiiii??"
"WhaÅc?"
Shidou and Tohka choked at almost the same time? and quickly they both got up
from that spot, as if a gong was rung initiating the start of a competition, they split
themselves apart and took some distance? one towards the pillow side and the
other towards the leg side of the bed.
"Wha-What are you doing, shidou! Why are you on my bedÅc!?"
"I-I Do-DonÅft know! Wh-Wh-Wh-Wh-What am I doing hereÅc!?"
"The one asking should be me!"
"YouÅfre righttttt!"
Shidou, while in an unexplainable tension shouted.
And, at that timing the door of the room opened, Kotori appeared.
"Okay, Out! Calm down a little more, Shidou."
"ÅcÅcKotoriÅcÅc!? Do-DonÅft tell me, this was your doing!"
"Let me see, what this is about. IsnÅft it about Shidou being unable to restrain his
overflowing blue libido of puberty, so he crawled into TohkaÅfs futon? Stop making
weird accusations on me."
Kotori shrugged her shoulders while acting dumb, and said that with a small smile
on her face.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
70 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
"WhaÅc?"
From those words, Tohka face blushed, and pulled the blanket to cover her chest.
"I-I'm innocent!"
He shouted, Kotori didnÅft care and for some reason, started to take out a hand phone
from her pocket.
But that was, for some reason ShidouÅfs property.
"YouÅcIsnÅft that my phone. What are you doing?"
"Eh? Aah."
Kotori made a small grin, and turned the phone screen so that it could face Shidou.
On that screen a mail had been written. And the receiver's name? Tonomachi
Hiroto, ShidouÅfs friend, was being displayed.
"?!?"
Shidou choked. That's because the mail's article was about?
"There is an incredible radio station. Try listening to it. It seriously causes my heart
to tremble. This will change your view on life."
After writing something like that, she had placed the URL of a web page onto the
end of the message.
"HuhÅc? Wha-What is that URLÅc"
"Aah, yesterdayÅfs show started its transmission on the internet radio. With this on the
internet, anyone can listen to ShidouÅfs masterpiece anytime they want to."
"WhaÅc!?"
Shidou, his eyes opened wide with fear and stretched out his arm.
"St-Sto??"
Before Shidou finished his word, Kotori pressed the send button.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
71 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
"Gyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!?"
He shouted and snatched back his cell phone, and was desperately pressing the
cancel button? too late.
Due to the convenience of the modern civilization that transmit information quickly,
a disastrous piece of information had been sent to his friend.
"Wha-What the hell did you doÅc!"
"It's a Penalty. It's going to be troubling if you are going to panic from just touching
TohkaÅfs breast with your cheek."
"Un, Even if you say th...atÅc?"
He sensed an uncomfortable feeling after hearing KotoriÅfs words, he then twisted
his neck.
ÅcCome to think of it, the moment he gained his awareness, he felt like he touched
an unusually soft object.
He timidly looked towards where Tohka was, her eyes were filled with circles.
And then, for some reasons she remembered a feeling from just now and started
touching her body? after touching the area where her breasts are, her whole body
stiffened up.
"ÅcÅc"
Poof! It appeared almost as if smoke were about to rise, TohkaÅfs face was
completely red.
"UÅcUwaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!"
And then Tohka raised a tremendous scream, and started grabbing things around her
and throwing randomly.
"UwahhÅcÅcÅcCa-calm down, Tohka!"
Shidou dodged somehow, and tried leaving the room but, he was hit by an
Akebeko[2A 3] ornament, and fainted.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
72 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
73 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
74 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Chapter 2: Rainy Girl
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
75 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
76 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 1
"Oh, ItsukaÅcEh? What happened to you?"
It was morning and Shidou, who was dragging his heavy legs into the classroom,
was called out with a puzzled voice by Tonomachi.
Well even if it wasn't him, looking at his current state, everyone would have had the
same impression too.
Because whether it was his face or hands, his whole body was practically covered in
bandages, on top of that his steps were staggering so much that it seemed like he
would fall over anytime.
"ÅcAah, a little something."
Shidou gave a wry smile while saying so, then let out a small sigh.
Over to the side Tonomachi, as if he remembered something, suppressed his
laughter.
"Oh yeah, I heard that net radio, what was up with that? It was pretty damn
interesting."
Shidou's face twitched upon hearing those words.
"Y-you've already heard it? that..."
"Oh, I listened to it a little before I left the house. But... that's supposed to be a joke
right? It would be scary if that were real."
"AhÅcHahahahaÅc Yeah, y-you're rightÅc"
Shidou let out a dry laugh and averted his gaze.
"Lea-Leaving that aside Tonomachi, what are you looking at?"
Shidou raised his voice in order to change the topic as it would be troublesome if he
gained more interest in that radio broadcast.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
77 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Tonomachi looked like he was gazing seriously at the gravure page in the back of a
manga magazine.
"Ah, this? Oh yeah, I also want to ask you about something."
"W-what is it?"
Shidou asked him back. Tonomachi was unusually serious and continued speaking.
"Nurse, miko, or maidÅcÅc Which one do you like most?"
"ÅcHuh?"
Shidou let out a startled voice due to Tonomachi's unexpected question.
"It's been decided that the gravure costume for the next issue will be based on the
readers' voting pollÅc This is so troubling."
"ÅcAhh, is that so..."
Shidou replied with a sigh. Tonomachi seemed like he didn't mind and thrust the
magazine towards Shidou.
"So? Which one do you like!?"
"EhÅcerrrrmmÅcthenÅcÅcthe maidÅc?"
Shidou replied due to being pressured by Tonomachi's unusual vigor. In that
moment, Tonomachi's eyebrows suddenly twitched.
"Wh-What's wrong?"
"??To think that you would like maids! I'm sorry but our friendship ends here!"
"ÅcÅc"
Shidou, scratched his cheek, then walked over to his own seat.
"H-Hey, where are you going? Itsuka!"
"ÅcÅcOur friendship ends here right?"
"Hey, What the heck? Aren't you being too serious. Don't you think a world where
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
78 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Maid lovers and Nurse lovers can coexist in peace is also kind of good? "
It seems like Tonomachi is in the Nurse faction.
Shidou placed his bag on his seat, all the while ignoring Tonomachi who threw the
magazine on his table and followed him over.
At that moment, the girl sitting beside him who was reading a bulky reference book
??Origami Tobiichi glanced towards him.
"ÅcÅc"
"O-OhÅcTobiichi, good morning."
"Good morning."
Origami replied in a monotonous voice and then tilted her head.
"Maid?"
It seemed that she heard the conversation just now. Shidou waved his hands all
flustered.
"ÅcUh, n-no, don't mind that."
"I see."
Origami made a short reply and once again returned her sights towards the book.
"Good mornin?"
Immediately after, Tonomachi waved his hands towards her, but Origami's
expression did not change in the slightest.
Tonomachi shrugged his shoulders exaggeratedly, and started grinding Shidou in
the side of his stomach.
"Although this happens every time. Why is it always you who always gets a reply
back after a welcome? Y-YouÅc"
"Ho-How should I know? Stop it already."
Shidou shook off the annoying Tonomachi, and arrived at his seat.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
79 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
The door of the classroom rolled open, and Tohka entered.
Naturally, due to Tohka currently now living in the Itsuka family house, the route to
school was exactly the same as Shidou's. However, if they were to go to school
together it would probably appear suspicious, so Tohka had to leave a bit later after
Shidou.
In addition to that, she was still affected by that terrible induction she received after
moving into his house yesterday. He couldn't bear adding more fuel to the fire when
75 days haven't even past.
"ÅcÅc"
Tohka silently sat in her seat on the right side of Shidou's desk and without looking
at him, she moved her lips.
"ÅcErr, aboutÅcthis morning, I'm sorry. Is your body okay?"
It seems she was still bothered about that matter this morning. Shidou scratched his
cheeks while making a bitter smile.
"O-OhÅcDon't worry about itÅc"
"MuÅcÅc"
Tohka made a small nod. And finally? Shidou had realized something.
"ÅcAh."
Several classmates were listening in on their conversation and were sending them
stares of interest.
But, it seems Tohka had not yet realized it.
"Bu-But you were also at fault too. You suddenlyÅcYou knowÅcI was surprised."
Because of Tohka's words, everyone listening caught their breath.
"To-TohkaÅcWhy don't we have this talk laterÅc?"
"Huh? Why is that?"
Tohka faced Shidou while tilting her head, and finally noticed the gazes coming
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
80 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
from everyone.
"ÅcEh?"
Tohka gasped in surprise and sweat starting falling down her cheeks. She had
remembered that yesterday at home it was explained to her that the fact that Shidou
and Tohka were living together was a secret.
"I-It's not what you think everyone! It's not like me and Shidou are living together!?"
"??!?"
Everyone from the class frowned all at the same time.
"I-IdiotÅc"
Shidou muttered softly and then intentionally spoke in a loud voice.
"A-Aaah! In the morning when going to school we coincidentally bumped into each
other! Were you okay Tohka!?"
"MuÅc? U-Umu, no problem!"
Tohka seemed to have guessed what Shidou intended, although it was difficult, they
matched their lies together.
Well, although it did look kind of forcedÅcOriginally, the talk of [a high school
male and female living together] itself sounded unrealistic, he continued blabbering
until everyone felt satisfied just in case.
ÅcWell even so, there was still one person to Shidou's left side who wasn't
satisfiedÅcA female student was releasing a glare that would give anyone the chills.
"ÅcÅc"
Somehow, he felt like he would come out tattered. Shidou made a deep sigh.
?However, that problem would be resolved at a surprising speed.
The 4th period bell rang and echoed throughout the building, indicating that lunch
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
81 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
break had started.
And at the same time,
"shidou! It's lunch time!"
"ÅcÅc"
At Shidou's desk? to the left and right, *Jyan*! tables were docked on both sides.
And of course, on his right was Tohka, and on the left was Origami.
"ÅcNuÅcWhat do you want? You're disturbing us."
"That's my line."
From Shidou's left and right, sharp gazes were exchanged from both sides.
"We-WellÅcÅcCalm down. Isn't it okay if everyone eats together? RightÅc?"
When Shidou said that, reluctantly, Tohka and Origami quietly sat down. And then
both of them took out their own bentos [2B 1]. from their respective bags.
Shidou followed, bringing out his own bento, and placed it on the table. All of them
opened their lids together, and then?
"ÅcÅc"
He saw Origami's eyes widen a little bit, and he cursed himself for being
unprepared.
Shidou's bento was something he made for himself in the morning. And of course it
was made along with Kotori's (although she hadn't been returning home this month).
Naturally? if it was necessary to prepare another person's portion of hurriedly
prepared bento, it was Shidou's job to do so.
"ÅcÅc"
Origami gave Shidou a cold look, and compared Shidou and Tohka's bento boxes?
checking the contents.
?The same menu was arranged inside both of their bentos, looking identical.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
82 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
"Nu, wha-what? Even if you give me that look, I won't give it to youÅc"
Tohka didn't realize the seriousness of this matter and gave Origami a puzzled look.
"What is the meaning of this?"
"Thi-This isÅc"
When Origami asked her question, Shidou burst out in a cold sweat and avoided
eye-contact.
"Ac-Actually. This was being sold by the lunch vendor this morning and
coincidentally Tohka was also there?"
"Liar."
Origami interrupted Shidou midway, and then removed Shidou's bento box lid.
"154 days ago, you bought this at the discount shop that is in front of the station for
1580 yen, and you are still using it. This is not something from the lunch vendor."
"H-How do you know something like tha-?"
"That isn't important right now."
No, he thought that this was kind of an important question, but he was overpowered
by Origami and wasn't in a position to say anything. Like just now, his words would
have been stopped halfway.
"Muu, what were you two talking about just now! Don't split up the group!"
From the side, Tohka who was feeling left out, raised her voice, puffing up her
cheeks.
And, at that moment.
*Uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu-----------*
A loud alarm sounded and echoed throughout the whole town.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
83 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
In an instant, the noisy classroom during lunch break, suddenly went quiet.
?It was the spacequake alarm.
Around 30 years ago, a threat towards people, the worst disaster, was referred to as
spacequake, and looms as an omen for disaster.
"ÅcÅc"
At that moment, Origami had showed an expression of hesitation, and then
immediately stood up from her seat and left the classroom at an amazing speed.
"ÅcEh?"
Shidou was in a confused state and could only follow her using his eyesÅcWell,
although it was a little indiscreet, he couldn't help but think that he was saved by the
alarm ringing at the perfect time.
While Tobiichi Origami was a student, she was also a talented individual in the
Ground Self-Defense Forces' AST.
Meaning, she was heading towards the battlefront right at this moment? To kill the
Spirits, just like the situation with Tohka before.
"ÅcÅc"
Shidou clenched his teeth.
He knew he couldn't stop Origami. But?
Over there at the classroom door, a girl's voice echoed in a dazed state.
"ÅcÅcEveryone, it's the alarm. Please evacuate to the underground shelter
immediately."
The physics teacher dressed in a white coat? Reine, pointed her fingers towards the
direction of the corridor.
After the students swallowed their saliva, they exited towards the corridor one by
one.
"Nu? shidou, where is everyone going?"
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
84 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Tohka asked while looking at the other classmates and tilting her head.
"Ah-AahÅcto the shelter. There is one under the school."
"ShelterÅc?"
"Aah. For now, let's leave the explanation for later. We are going too Tohka."
"Nu-Nuu."
Tohka regretfully glanced at her untouched bento, and stood up following Shidou's
instruction.
They followed the other classmates and exited to the corridor.
"ÅcÅcShin. You're coming this way."
Riene caught Shidou by the collar.
"Uh, Reine-san? This way meansÅc"
"ÅcÅcIsn't it obvious? We're going to the <Fraxinus>."
When Shidou questioned her, he raised his voice but not loud enough to allow the
other students to hear them, and Reine replied.
"ÅcÅcIt has only been one dayÅcÅcYou might not have made your decision yet on
what you will do from now on. But there's something we want to show you. The
Spirits and the current situation."
Shidou swallowed his saliva to moisten his dry throat and clenched his fist.
"ÅcI understand. I'll go."
Reine made a small nod sleepily with one eye open, and after looking at the students
that were lined up, she faced towards the entrance.
"ÅcÅcWell, let's hurry. It won't be long before the spacequake."
"Y-Yes. And? Ah, Reine-san. Is it okay if we didn't bring Tohka along?"
He said as he glanced towards Tohka.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
85 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Speaking of Tohka, she was looking confusedly at the classmates that were lining up
for evacuation.
"ÅcÅcAah, it's about that? Umu, we will have Tohka evacuate to the shelter with
everyone else."
"Eh? Is that okay?"
"ÅcÅcAah. With her powers currently in a sealed state, Tohka isn't that different
from other humans. Also, if she sees the battle between the Spirit and the AST, she
might be troubled if she remembers the time it happened to her. I told you right?
[Ratatoskr] wants to avoid having Tohka accumulate stress as much as possible."
"No, butÅcÅc"
Right when Shidou wanted to say something, down from the direction of the
corridor, a high pitched voice echoed.
"Ho-Hora, Itsuka-kun and Yatogami-san, even Murasame-sensei too! P-Please don't
just stop and stand over there! If both of you don't hurry and evacuate, the dangerous
is danger!"
Shidou's homeroom teacher Okamine Tamae, nicknamed Tama-chan, perked up her
small shoulders and said that in a hurried state. The meaning of her words was
confusing though.
"ÅcÅcUn, if we get caught we'll end up in an annoying situation. Let's go."
Reine made a signal with her eyes and faced her feet towards the entrance.
"Uh, ah wait a second?"
Although it was a little worrying, it couldn't be helped. Shidou made a small groan
and scratched his head. He then took Tohka's hand and placed it in Tama-chan's
hand.
"Sensei, I'm counting on you to take care of Tohka!"
"Fue? Eh? Ah, ye-yes, of course."
Tama-chan was quickly entrusted with Tohka, her eyes were in circles as if she was
suddenly dumbfounded, while saying [I-I'm also a teacher too!"].
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
86 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
"shidouÅc?"
Tohka curved her eyebrows in uneasiness.
"Tohka, listen. Please evacuate together with Sensei to the shelter."
"What about you? What are you going to do shidou?"
"AhÅcI, have an important task to do. Go on ahead without me. Okay?"
"Åc! Ah! Shi-shidou!"
"Itsuka-kun! Murasame-sensei too!? Where are the both of you going!?"
While hearing worried voices from the pair left behind, Shidou and Reine ran
outside the school building.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
87 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
88 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 2
"?Aah, both of you came. The Spirit will soon appear. I'm counting on you for the
preparations, Reine."
From the captain's seat, Kotori said this to them, with Shidou and Reine having
arrived on the bridge of the <Fraxinus>.
"ÅcAh."
Reine made a small nod, flapping back her white coat's hem, and sat down at her
console on the lower bridge.
"?Now thenÅc"
And, when Shidou remained silent, Kotori asked him a question while tilting her
head.
"Although we are sorry that we didn't give you much time but have you made your
decision? Shidou."
"ÅcUh?"
He choked. But, over from the bridge, a loud sound from the siren echoed.
"WhaÅcWhat?"
"An unusually strong Spirit wave reading has been detected! It's coming!"
A male crew member's shout came from the lower bridge, and Shidou's eyes were
spinning from the confusion.
When Kotori heard the shout, *pachin* she snapped her fingers.
"Okay. Switch the Main monitor to the image of where the prediction site is."
When Kotori gave the order, a bird's-eye view of the town was projected on the
main monitor.
It was the main street which was lined with many shops. Of course there were no
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
89 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
human figures visible, as if it was a ghost town.
In the middle of that image, *Warp*.
"EhÅc?"
At first, he had thought that the image projector was having some problems but?
that was wrong.
The space.
The space, that originally was empty, distorted, it was as if a ripple on the surface of
water was created by throwing a rock at it.
"Wha-What is thisÅc?"
"Ara? Is this the first time Shidou has seen this?"
The moment Kotori said that, the space distortion grew larger?
He thought that a small light was produced on the screen, and together with the
sound of an explosion, the screen had turned pure white.
"??!"
Although he knew that this was an event happening inside the screen, he instinctively
covered his face with his arms.
After a few seconds, while slowly dropping his arms, he opened his eyes, and on the
screen was a totally different scene from before.
In the town, a hole had opened up.
There was no other way to express it.
A portion of the buildings that were supposed to be lined up, were shaved off into a
shallow bowl shape.
Shops, street lights, telephone poles, and even the surface of the road that was
supposed to be there, everything, had disappeared.
What's more, maybe due to the after-effects of the explosion, the surrounding area
looked as if a huge hurricane had struck.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
90 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
This messÅcit resembles that place about one month ago, the place where he first
met Tohka.
Which means, just now, that was?
"ÅcSpacequakeÅc"
Shidou said in a shaky voice, Kotori [yes] consented.
"?This is the dimensional distortion that occurs when a Spirit comes over to this
world. And the calamity of an outbreak-inducing nature."
"ÅcÅc"
He had seen the ruins of buildings many times but this was his first time seeing the
moment the explosion occurred.
His palms were sweaty.
There were times when he tried to figure out the phenomenon in his head? and
thanks to this experience, he finally felt like he understood it.
He understood the terror it causes? The town, the space where people live their
daily lives, was destroyed, all in an instant.
"Well, at least this time the explosion was on a small-scale."
"It seems like it."
Kotori and a tall man right behind her? Vice commander Kannazuki Kyouhei, had
commented.
"Good fortune? was what I wanted to say, but since this is the [Hermit] this much
should be normal."
"Well, I guess so. Even among the Spirits, she has the docile-type disposition."
Shidou, still silent, pushed together his brows.
?That explosion just now, it was small-scaled?
At first, he didn't understand what Kotori and the others were talking about, but then
immediately remembered.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
91 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
That might be the case. Since the spacequake left a crater around 10 meters in
diameter. From their perspective, it should be a small compared to the others.
Of courseÅceven if he fully understood this nowÅc
"ÅcHey, Kotori."
Something in Kotori and the others' conversation bothered Shidou. He opened his
mouth to speak.
"What on earth is [Hermit]?"
"Aah, it's the code-name of the Spirit that just appeared. Wait for a moment? Can
you zoom in on the screen?"
Kotori, pointed her finger towards the crew members on the lower bridge.
When she did that, the image zoomed in, towards the crater that was right in the
middle of the town.
And with that, something changed on-screen.
"ÅcRain?"
Shidou quietly muttered.
Without warning, he thought that the screen turn darker, *drip**drip*, rain started to
descend.
But? that wasn't what interested him, he no longer cared about the rain.
In the middle of the area that looked like a crater, they were able to detect the figure
of a small girl.
"??!"
A shock hit his heart, as if it had been grabbed by an eagle's talons, and passed
throughout his whole body.
Standing still in the middle of the enlarged screen, was the figure of one girl. And
what's more? he recognized of her.
"Ah, that isÅc"
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
92 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Covered by a hood with rabbit ears like accessories, was a blue haired girl.
She looked to be around 13 to 14 years old, wearing a large coat and innerwear
made from a mysterious material.
And on her left hand, with a comical design, a rabbit puppet was equipped.
If Shidou's eyes and brain were working properlyÅcthen that was without a doubt?
The girl he had encountered yesterday when he was returning home from school.
"?? What's wrong Shidou?"
Seeing Shidou act strangely, Kotori spoke in a dubious voice.
Shidou, after gazing at the screen once, reasserted himself.
"I-I've met that with that girl beforeÅc"
"What did you say? When did this happen?"
"Just yesterdayÅcwhen I was returning home in a hurry, rain started falling?"
Shidou, going through his memories, spoke briefly about the events that happened
yesterday.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
93 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
94 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
After hearing Shidou talk for a while, Kotori pointed her fingers to the crew on the
lower bridge.
"Send the Spirit wave reading from yesterday at 1600 to 1700 to my terminal,
ASAP!"
And then she lowered her sights to the screen she was holding, and scratched her
head in frustration.
"ÅcIt didn't recognize the main numerical value of the disorder huh. It was the same
with Tohka last timeÅcShidou, why didn't you tell me this at home yesterday?"
"Do-don't say something impossible. I didn't know she was a Spirit when I first met
herÅc!"
At the same time Shidou was shouting, the speaker that was installed on the
<Fraxinus> bridge roared with a loud sound.
"?!? What, is going on?"
"?The Spirit did appearÅcSo we aren't the only ones taking action."
Shidou's finger tips twitched a little from Kotori's words.
"The ASTÅchuh?"
"Yes."
He glanced towards the screen? Smoke swirled around the place where the Spirit
was ? which was now being called [Hermit]. Probably, a missile or some sort of
explosive was launched at her.
And surrounding her, a small number of humans wearing heavy mechanical armor
were floating around.
The Ground Self-Defense Forces' Anti-Spirit Team, in short, the AST.
Different from the organization, [Ratatoskr], which was led by Kotori and the
others, they were a special team holding military power that aimed to eliminate all
Spirits.
Inside the smoke, a small silhouette *Hop*, jumped out? It was [Hermit].
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
95 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
The girl with her left hand tucked into a puppet came out. She twisted her body to
escape from the surrounding AST members holding their ground, and leapt into the
sky.
The AST members immediately responded, and pursued [Hermit] all at once.
And with the weapons that were installed into their armor, an innumerable amount
of ammunitions were fired.
"?! Look out!"
Reflexively Shidou had shouted? but the warning didn't do anything useful across
the screen. The large barrage of bullets and missiles released by the AST members
hit [Hermit]'s body mercilessly.
"Those guysÅcÅcdoing that to that girlÅc"
His eyes opened wide, and he was grinding the back of this teeth.
"ÅcÅcWhat are you trying to say after all this time?"
As he did that, Kotori, had said that while having her eyes halfway open.
"Didn't you learn anything when this happened to Tohka? To the AST, it doesn't
matter what appearance the Spirits take. The only thing that matters is their sense of
duty to protect this world; To those people, they would reject any dangerous
existence and follow their survival instincts like animals."
"ButÅceven so!"
The moment Shidou opened his mouth, from the smoke, the girl leapt into the sky
once again.
But- [Hermit] wasn't fighting back and was only running from place to place.
"That girlÅcWhy doesn't she fight back?"
"This isn't unusual. Even among the Spirits [Hermit] is a very docile type."
"ÅcThen?"
"If you're asking for the AST to have mercy, it's useless? As long as that girl is a
Spirit, they won't stop."
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
96 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
"ÅcKuh!"
In response to the flat out answer, Shidou bit his lip.
NoÅcEven if he were to repeat himself, he already knew the answer.
Her disposition, or her personality, to the AST it doesn't matter.
To them, they only cared about taking down the enemy that causes harm to this
world.
?The method that could overthrow this situationÅcthere was only one way.
Shidou clenched his fingers in a fist so tightly, he thought that blood was about to
flow out. Quietly, he cleared his throat.
"ÅcKotori."
"What?"
"ÅcIf it wasn't because of her Spirit powerÅcthat girl would have never been
targeted by the AST, right?"
When Shidou said that, Kotori knitted her eyebrows together, and her eyes faced
Shidou.
"Yes? That's absolutely right."
"The spacequakesÅcthey wouldn't have occurred right?"
"Yes."
Shidou kept quiet for a moment, he took a deep breath, and continued speaking.
"?And I can make that happen?"
"If you still don't believe me after seeing Tohka's present condition, then I don't
mind if you doubt me."
"ÅcÅc"
After Shidou scratched his head, he used both his hands to pull his cheeks.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
97 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
He gently lifted his down cast eyes, and reasserted his determination.
"Help me with this, Kotori! ÅcI? want to save that girlÅc!"
"?FufuÅc"
Kotori, looking happy, made her candy rod stand up.
"Now that is?? My Onii-chan."
She turned to face the crew on the lower bridge, and shouted.
"All members prepare for a Level One capture!"
"ROGER!"
The crew members began manipulating their consoles all at once.
While Kotori was gazing upon this scene, she licked her lips.
"Now then?? let us begin the War!"
Date
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
98 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
99 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 3
"?Hey, Tama-chan sensei."
Tohka who had evacuated to the established large-type underground shelter in the
school, as if to suppress her rustling feelings, grabbed the hem of her skirt tightly,
and asked Tamae who was sitting right beside her.
"Ya-Yatogami-san even you have started calling me thatÅc"
Tamae faced towards Tohka, Tamae had now calmed down to a degree compared
with a while ago.
But Tohka, disregarding Tama's sigh of rejection, continued her words.
"That sound just now, what was that? What on earth is this place?"
"Wha-What are you saying. That alarm just now was the spacequake alarm. Because
there might be a chance a spacequake might occur, everyone has been evacuated to
the underground shelter since it will be safe here."
"SpacequakeÅc? What is that?"
Tohka tilted her head, and Tama-chan wore a 'surprised' expression.
"Eh? What is a spacequake? You don't know?"
"ÅcÅcMuu."
After being told that, Tohka made an awkward and unhappy face.
It would seem that this 'spacequake' thing, was a word that everyone knows.
There might be a chance that she had asked a bad question. Tohka had been warned
by Shidou to avoid doing things that might stand out. 'To be extremely ignorant is
okay but try to avoid crossing the line that could lead to exposing yourself.'
And, not knowing how to handle the silence, Tama-chan shook her hands in panic.
"Ah, no no, it's alright. I guess that, there are still people that don't know."
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
100 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
"ÅcNu, sorry."
Tama-chan said [no no] once more, and raised her finger.
"A spacequake is a general term for occurrence of a large scale disaster. Well, in
simple words, one day suddenly in the world somewhere, *DON*, an explosion will
occur. Although there are many theories taught like the 'Atmospheric Pressure
Alteration theory' or 'Plasma theory' but the real cause has still not been clarified."
"?An explosion, you say?"
Through Tama-chan explanation, Tohka raised her eyebrows.
"Yes. The biggest one to date was around 30 years ago. The Eurasia Sky Disaster.
There were around 150 million casualties, it was the worst disaster since the dawn
of history."
"Wha-What's up with that, wasn't that dangerous!"
"Yes. That is why everyone evacuates to the Shelters? Well, although there haven't
been any spacequakes that big since then? in this neighborhood, for the past few
years there have been small scale explosions occurring frequently."
From Tama-chan's lecture, Tohka's eyebrows came together closely.
"The-Then why isn't shidou here at this dangerous time, where did he go?"
"EhÅc? Eh, errrrÅcÅcthat isÅcÅc"
Tamae, adjusting her glasses awkwardly, looked over to the other students that were
sitting around.
"ÅcÅc"
While remaining silent Tohka, started gripping the hem of her skirt that was in her
hands more tightly.
"ÅcÅcshidou."
*Thump* *Thump*
Around the area of her chest, she heard these sounds.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
101 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
For some reason she didn't knowÅcÅcShe had a bad premonition.
And then, when the throbbing in her heart reached a climax.
"ÅcÅcUh."
Tohka immediately raised her face.
"ErrrrÅcÅcI-It's okay. Although I can't see him around hereÅcÅcI think he most
probably forgot something and went back to get it. He should be back here by now,
somewhere around here in the ShelterÅc"
And, Tamae who was surveying the inside of the Shelter returned her sights to
Tohka.
"AraÅcÅc? Ya-Yatogami-san?"
She looked at where Tohka was standing before but, her figure disappeared.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
102 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
103 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 4
"FuuÅcThis way right?"
Shidou who had been sent to the ground using the teleporter in the lower section of
[Fraxinus], was following the voice in the small intercam that was equipped to his
right ear.
"Yes. The Spirit is already inside the building. Don't make a mistake with the first
contact."
"ÅcÅcUnderstood."
Shidou said that while his sweat dripped down his cheek, and separated his hand
from the intercam.
And then, to calm down his throbbing heart, he took a deep breath.
Right now, Shidou was in a large department tower just outside the shopping
district.
It would seem that the [Hermit], was a Spirit that had a fairly high appearance rate?
By using movement pattern statistics, which also incorporated the results of Reine's
thought analyses, they could estimate the Spirit's most probable route.
And of course, due to the movements of the AST there might be a chance that the
route would change. If that happens they would recover Shidou, and then head
towards the next predicted location? However, at this moment this department store
location was ideal.
The AST's main equipment? the CR-unit was unsuitable for indoor combat.
And naturally, there might be a chance that they would destroy the building to smoke
out the Spirit like that time they did to Tohka. But, for the time being, they should be
waiting for the Spirit to come out from the building on its own.
And therefore during this time, without the AST knowing, it was a precious
opportunity for Shidou to sneak onto the battlefield and converse with the Spirit,
even if only for a few minutes.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
104 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
"ÅcÅc"
In the middle of April, while wearing this intercam and following the instructions
from [Ratatoskr], he remembered that time he had his conversation with Tohka.
And to think that, it hasn't even been a month since then. He didn't think that he would
once again return onto the battlefield but it couldn't be helped.
For some weird reason which he couldn't understand, Shidou had an unbelievable
power.
If he used that power, it could stop the spacequakes. It was also said that it could stop
the attacks on the Spirits as well.
?And what's more, that was something that Shidou has wished and hoped for.
"ÅcWell, even if I think that."
Shidou made a small sighÅc ?And the reason was, he had to seduce the Spirits and
kiss them? the difficulty level was somewhat too high for Shidou.
"?Shidou. The [Hermit]'s signal has entered the area."
"?!"
From the unexpected voice echoed by Kotori, it made Shidou's body nervous.
And, at that instant.
"?You, hav' ya come here to bully Yoshinon tooÅc?"
"ÅcUh!?"
And suddenly a voice echoed from overhead, Shidou quickly raised his head.
Over there was [Hermit], currently floating upside down as if she was defying the
laws of gravity.
"Your wrong- Since Yoshinon is a kind girl who hasn't done anything mische? Eh,
unn?"
Suddenly, the girl's body that was upside down, flipped around in mid-air? righting
herself, before landing on the ground and stood there.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
105 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
And then, *clatter* *clatter* she moved the puppets mouth.
"oOOYaa? I was wonderin' who it was but aren't ya that lucky pervert Onii-chan?"
After looking at Shidou with a serious face, the puppet skillfully *pon*, smacked his
hands together.
ÅcSeriously, how do you control something to that extent with only one hand?
But now wasn't the time and situation to be asking something like that.
Immediately, from his right ear came Kotori's voice, [wait for a moment].
Right after [Hermit] words.
á@ "Aah, long time no see. How you doing? You okay?" Frankly give a normal
greeting.
áA "Lucky Pervert? What do you mean by Lucky Pervert, Huh!" Give a casual
tsukkomi. [2B 2]
áB "FuuÅcÅc, I don't know nee. For I, am just a wanderer passing by." Go with
the 'Hard-Boil' act.
Looking at the 3 choices displayed on the <Fraxinus> bridge's main monitor, Kotori
licked her lips.
By the way? on the bridge monitor, all sorts of other parameters were being
displayed, including an enlarged projection of the [Hermit]'s bust, various stats and
text windows.
No matter how you look at it, it was a love simulation game? in short a Galge
screen.[2B 3]
"All members, Begin picking your choice!"
Together with Kotori's command, the crew from the lower bridge pushed the
buttons on their hand.
All together?? á@,áA,áB ,all received roughly the same number of votes.
"Eeh? It should be áA! This galge main character is the Tsukommi-type! It has to that
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
106 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
one!"
One of the crew members insisted. However, immediately another voice came up
from another direction.
"?But, wouldn't it be dangerous since we don't know for certain about the
opponent's character? I think á@ would be appropriate here."
"No no, from the data we've gathered up till now, we know that [Hermit] rarely takes
the chance to attack humans! We should setup a confrontation by choosing áB!"
"ÅcÅcFuumu."
After hearing the opinions from all 3 directions, Kotori touched her jaw and
groaned.
And then, facing towards the mike she opened her lips.
"?Shidou, pick áB."
"ÅcÅcUh, what the heck is thatÅc"
Shidou, muttered that while his butt hit the floor.
The order delivered to his ear by Kotori? It was totally crazy.
"Uun? What's up?"
The puppet skillfully tilted its head.
This wasn't the time to argue.
Shidou immediately stood up from that spot, finding a chair on display nearby, he
put one of his legs on the chair.
"FuuÅcÅc, I don't know nee. For I, am just a wanderer passing byÅcÅcÅc"
*Swoosh*
After conceitedly saying that, he started roughing up his hair.
ÅcHonestly, that was really embarrassing.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
107 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
"ÅcÅc"
The puppet that [Hermit] was controlling, *Deadpan* with its mouth wide open, kept
quiet.
Just like that, a few seconds passed by.
"ÅcH-Hey, Kotori. What are we going to do about this atmosphereÅcÅc?"
And, the moment Shidou made a small voice of discontent to Kotori.
"FuÅcÅc,Ha-Hahahahahahaha!"
The puppet, *clatter**clatter* shook its head while laughing.
"Whaaat? Unexpectedly Onii-chan are you a facetious person? Ahahaha, no one
would do that nowadays."
"Ha-HahaÅcÅcI'm glad that you enjoyed it."
Shidou following the puppet's lead and laughed dryly. No one uses [facetious
person] nowadays I think, but he refrained from saying that.
*gloom*
"ÅcÅcYeah yeah, sorry about that."
The prideful Kotori replied with a small voice, and Shidou returned his gaze back to
[Hermit].
As if matching him, the puppet met Shidou's gaze.
"Iyaa?, but I'm lucky pervert Onii-chan. We meet again in such a weird place?
Ahaha, I welcome people like ya Onii-san? It seems that everyone hates Yoshinon
? If I were to leave this place, they would probably start attacking me again??"
After saying that, it once again started laughing.
"Well that's one surprisingly, cheerful Spirit."
From his right ear, Shidou heard the same words he was thinking about. As
expected, even Kotori thought of the same thing.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
108 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
And, inside [Hermit] words, there was a word that caught his interest. He opened his
mouth a little.
"HeyÅcWho's Yoshinon?"
When Shidou asked, the puppet made a shocked expression, and opened its mouth
wide.
"Ah, what a mistake! For Yoshinon of all people, to forget my own introduction!
Yoshinon is Yoshinon's naa?mee cute right? Cute right?"
"Aah,aahhÅcit's a nice name."
Getting pressured by the high tensioned puppet, he nodded.
When he did that, from his right ear he heard Kotori's dubious voice.
"?Yoshinon, huh? Fuun, this Spirit is different from Tohka? she has information
of her own name."
"AhÅc"
It seemed true after being told that? Tohka, didn't have her own name.
The word [Tohka], was the name given by Shidou.
His thoughts were suddenly interrupted, as the puppet approached his face.
"Hm so? What is Onii-chan's name?"
"AhÅcAah??My name is Shidou. It's Itsuka Shidou."
"Shidou huh? ?That's a cool name. Well, it doesn't beat Yoshinon though~~"
"O-OhÅcthanks. ErrrÅcYoshinon?"
"Hai Hai? What's up? ?This is what Yoshinon is impressed by ?Shidou-kun's
frontier Spirit ?making clever conversation ?and using the name you just
remembered a moment ago??"
After giving back a dry smile to the puppet that was making an exaggerated gesture
by opening its hand wide, Shidou continued his words.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
109 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
"No, it isn't a very important thing, but errrÅcÅcthe Yoshinon I'm talking about?
Isn't the puppet but it's your name right?"
With that said he set his sights passed the puppet, towards its back??the blue-eyed
girl.
"ÅcÅc"
When he did that, the puppet that had been cheerfully chatty until now, suddenly went
silent.
Following that, from his right ear intercam, *Piiii!*, *Piiiii!* the sound of an alarm
echoed.
"?Uh, Shidou, the values of her mood suddenly dropped. What on earth did you
just say?"
"EhÅc? No, I was just, asking why she doesn't talk instead of using ventriloquismÅc"
When Shidou frankly voiced that question, the puppet wobbled nearer to his face.
"?I don't understand what Shidou-kun saidÅcÅcWhat is ventriloquism?"
The tone of its voice remained calm. By the way, the puppet's facial expression
didn't change at all.
And yet, he felt an unbelievably strong pressure, Shidou took a step back.
"N-NoÅcÅcAbout that."
"Shidou. You can think of a reason later. You need to fix the Spirit's mood right
now."
An instruction came flying from Kotori. Shidou moved his lips while avoiding eyecontact.
"Ye?Yeah you're right! Yoshinon is Yoshinon. IyaaÅcÅcHahaÅcha."
When he did that.
"Uun, mou??, it's because Shidou-kun is a mischievous guy??"
The dreadful mood from just now vanished like it was a lie, the puppet voice echoed
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
110 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
in high pitch.
"ÅcÅcWha-What was that just now?"
"DunnoÅcÅcWell, no matter how friendly she is, the opponent is a Spirit. It's a bad
idea to lower your guard."
When Shidou gave a small nod, he fixed his sights back to [Yoshinon].
"Errr??"
Although he didn't let out any words immediately.
When Shidou hesitated to say anything. Kotori's irritated voice snapped.
"Don't freeze up now. Set it up so that the Spirit can't run away."
"ÅcHo-howÅc?"
"That sort of thing, isn't it clear what you need to do? You are inside a large
department store you know? Since you have time, you should be able to date, right?
You understand? Listen? It's not [why don't we have a date?]? It's [let's go on a
date], that is the goal. Don't give the opponent an option to pick."
"Ha-HaaÅcÅc"
While feeling nervous Shidou, returned to facing [Yoshinon].
"L-Let's go on a date?"
And without any preamble, he repeated the line exactly as heard.
"ÅcÅcWithout any setup. Can't you have played it a bit more smoother?"
Kotori said disappointedly.
[Yoshinon] didn't seem to react. No, rather the tension seemed to have risen, making
it hard to say anything.
*clap* *clap*
The puppet clapped its small hands together.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
111 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
"HoHo~~! That's nice?? Regardless of how ya look, ya're pretty gutsy to give an
invitation out like that. Ufuun, of course it's an O-K. Rather, I finally encountered a
human that I can have a decent conversation with. So it is more like Yoshinon to be
the one wishing for it~~"
With that said, *Clatter* *Clatter* it laughed.
"I-I seeÅcÅc"
"ÅcÅcWell, I guess everything turned out all right in the end."
While hearing Kotori's voice mixed with her sigh, Shidou together with [Yoshinon],
began walking around the department store together.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
112 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
113 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 5
"ÅcÅc"
Origami, whose whole body was wrapped by a wiring suit and stocked with
ammunition for her auto-range weapon, was patrolling the sky above the
department store.
Around her surroundings there were a few other AST members with the same
equipment flying around, and they were all bracing themselves.
AST? Anti-Spirit Team, as a special unit of the JGSDF, they were a team with
remarkable and highly special characteristics.
Prepared with a machine that can turn fantasy into reality? the Realizer. They are
the team formed to counter the calamity that could destroy the world? the Spirits.
However, only a limited number of humans could use the Combat Realizer unit in
practical combat? this limit resulted in the recruitment of irregular members like
Origami.
Living in a house outside the garrison, moreover she was allowed to go to school,
and only dispatched when there was an emergency.
Even though she received this special treatment, she was a JGSDF member whose
dispatch frequency was extremely high.
"ÅcÅc"
Raindrops were continuously pelting the surface of her deployed Territory. [2B 4]
That Spirit? it has been almost an hour since [Hermit] first entered the building.
But, [Hermit] was still hiding inside; even now she hasn't made an appearance.
"?Looks like she's being very persistent."
And through her transmitter, she heard the voice of her team captain, Kusakabe
Ryouko.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
114 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
"This is rare even for [Hermit]. To be staying in one spot like this. Normally she
would have been spotted *Hop* *Hop* jumping around the place by now."
Yes. [Hermit]'s only movement pattern was mostly just running away.
Everytime Origami and the others had launched an attack, she would just run
around, without even fighting back.
But, if she gained the knowledge that by passing time inside buildings could result
in a [Lost][2B 5]?? to Origami this was not an amusing matter.
"The permission to attack?"
Origami asked in a soft voice, and Ryouko replied with a hint of a sigh in her voice:
"?I did try asking for permission, just in case but they said to remain on stand-by."
"Even if the building structure was to collapse, there is the possibility for repairs."
"ÅcWell, if you were to think about it logically, that would seem to be the case. But it
isn't that simple. Somebody has to pay for the repair unit, it isn't free? If this
situation was like the [Princess] class, like last time then it would be okay? But this
time the target is just the weakling [Hermit] class, you know?"
"ÅcÅc"
[Princess].
From that code-name, Origami twitched her eyebrows a little.
Not knowing the exact details of what she went through but the Spirit that held that
code-name was now, the human girl? Yatogami Tohka, who was attending the
same high school as Origami.
Of course, Origami having confirmed Tohka's existence, had informed Ryouko
about it.
But for some reason they couldn't detect a Spirit reading coming from her, thus the
assault permission wasn't granted.
Asking for the impossible and then having her family register investigated, they
were unable to find anything suspicious.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
115 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
At the very least, at this time ?although Origami was extremely dissatisfied? she
was a Japanese citizen, an existence that was Origami's duty to protect.
And so?
"ÅcÅc?"
Origami narrowed her eyes unexpectedly.
In that moment, from the corner of her eye, she felt she saw the shimmer of
beautiful black hair.
Yes. It was as if she saw Tohka over there.
Looking down? at the area that had become uninhabitable; she faced the main street
that was under a heavy downpour.
"ÅcÅc"
But, she was unable to confirm Tohka's presence.
Origami shook her head silently. It would seem like she was becoming edgy.
If she were to let the Spirit slip away like this, it would be embarrassing. Origami
took in a light breath, refocusing herself and continued her patrol.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
116 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
117 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 6
?Sometime had passed since he met [Yoshinon].
Shidou and [Yoshinon] were having a lively conversation, while walking around the
inside of the department store.
As normal, sometimes Kotori would whisper some instructions into his ear? oddly
enough [Yoshinon] has a low susceptibility towards gags; no matter how lame it was
*clatter* *clatter* she would still laugh.
In reality, the <Fraxinus> bridge was monitoring her mental condition, and good
values were being reported.
It would make people think that the sudden change in her manner earlier was some
kind of mistake; at the moment things were developing favorably.
"?Fumu, this is going beyond my expectations."
Kotori said those words.
"It might be that she has the characteristic that attracts people. The favorable
impression is also great. Even if I say to kiss her right now, she won't refuse right?"
"ÅcHey hey."
He couldn't be sure whether those words were a joke or whether she was being
serious, he scratched his cheek.
But in reality, Shidou was also shocked.
Although he was able to talk to Tohka normally now, the first time they met she had
a serious case of distrust against humans? each time she got the wrong idea he
would encounter a life or death experience.
ÅcBut.
"As I thought being able to chat sure is F~u~N. It seems like those other people are
boorish?"
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
118 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
"HaÅcÅchaha."
The puppet *clatter* *clatter* opened its mouth and said those words, and he replied
in a strangled tone.
ÅcHow do you say it? He was still troubled.
That wish he hoped to grant? The conversation was proceeding smoothly and
lively, and the values in her affection level were rising, then there shouldn't be any
problemsÅcÅcthat should be the case, but...
"ÅcÅc"
Shidou silently, glanced in the direction of the girl that was fiddling with her puppet.
When meeting her yesterday, and today too. The only one that was doing the
speaking was the puppet through ventriloquisms; that person's mouth herself did not
even move an inch.
It was likeÅcyes, she was like the string puller for the puppet at a stage theater.
"??Ooo?"
"ÅcÅcUh!"
And, Shidou was suddenly startled when the puppet unexpectedly turned its face
towards him.
"Amazing!! What's that?!"
The puppet excitedly clapped its hands and ran towards the place it had pointed out
? Well, of course the one doing the running was that person herself.
The object that caught [Yoshinon] interest, was the thing assembled in one corner of
the toy store, a small jungle gym that was made for little kids.
At the excessively colorful strengthen plastic castle, she skillfully climbed up with
only her hands and legs.
And when she reached the top of it.
"Wahaha! How is it Shidou-kun~? Am I cool? Is Yoshinon Cool~?"
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
119 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Such a voice was bounced right down at him.
"H-Hey, it's dangerous if you stand there."
The jungle gym was designed for indoor use and for children. Even if it wasn't that
big, she might hurt herself if she were to fall from the top.
No, although he knew she could fly up to the sky, but for some reason in Shidou's
mind, he recalled yesterday's image of her [Sliiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiddeee!].
In a panic, he rushed over to the base of the jungle gym.
But [Yoshinon] shook the puppet hand unsatisfied.
"unMou, even though I was asking if I was cool or not? and, wa-wawawaÅc!?"
"Wha?!"
It might be that her balance broke when she did that action, on the top of the jungle
gym [Yoshinon] flapping her arms as if she was dancing, and then fell right on top
of Shidou.
And just like that, while breaking [Yoshinon]'s fall, they crashed onto the floor.
"UhÅciheeÅcÅc"
While his face was facing upwards, he let out that sound. And for some reason, his
front tooth hurt.
And? he had a bad feeling.
Somehow, the girl with blue hair, her graceful facial features were there? right in
front of him.
?And just right around the area of his lips, an oddly soft sensation was felt.
"??Umh!?"
After a few seconds, he understood the current situation that he was being put under
right now.
"ÅcWow. Good going, Shidou!"
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
120 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Even Kotori thought that this development was unexpected. She let out a surprised
voice.
That was expected. Because right now Shidou was? with the girl that fell from
above, he just managed to perfectly exchange a kiss with her.
"ÅcÅc"
?Keeping quiet, [Yoshinon] raised her body. And at that moment, their lips finally
separated.
UnexpectedlyÅcÅcthey had kissed.
But with this, [Yoshinon]'s powers should be sealed.
ButÅcwondering why, compared to last month, during the time when he exchanged
kisses with Tohka? this time there wasn't a warm feeling flowing into his body or
how'd you put it??
?And, once again from the other side of the intercam, a loud siren resounded.
"WhaÅc?"
He let out his voice while raising his eyebrows? shouldn't her power have been
sealed?
But this sound was, when the Spirit's mood was breaking apart, something that
would ring when danger was approaching Shidou.
This meant that [Yoshinon] was now?
"Ouch ouch? ÅcÅcSorry sorry, Shidou-kun. I was careless??"
But when [Yoshinon], *clatter* *Clatter* moved the puppet, she spoke calmly.
"EhÅc?"
Dumbfounded, he opened his eyes wide. At [Yoshinon], who was not showing any
signs of anger.
If that was the case, then what was the sound of the alarm that was being sent into his
ears?
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
121 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
"??Shidou, it's an emergency ÅcAnd most likely, the worst possible kind."
And Kotori, said with an unusually panicked voice.
"HuhÅc? What isÅc?"
And. From behind, *step*, the sound of a foot firmly stepping onto the ground,
Shidou shook his shoulders.
Timidly, he turned around his head to look backwards.
And over there was? an unexpected face.
"To-TohkaÅcÅc?"
His eyes widened as he called the name of the girl who was standing there.
Yes, the person standing over there right now was Tohka, who should have
evacuated to the Raizen high school underground shelter.
And what's more, maybe it was due to the falling rain, her body was dripping wet.
As if she had been running at full speed just now, she was now breathing heavily.
"??shidou."
As if to obstruct Shidou's process of thought, Tohka's body swayed, and while
swaying she let out her voice.
He wondered why? with her only just calling his name, caused shivers to run down
his spine.
"ÅcÅcWhat did you do just now?"
"ÅcÅcEh? Wha-What do you meanÅc?"
At that question he touched his lips without thinking? and immediately regaining
his thoughts he put his hands behind his back.
But Tohka, wasn't pleased with that response, while making an expression like a
grumbling kid, she squeezed out her shaking voice from deep down her throat.
"?Aft-After making me so worriedÅcÅc"
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
122 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
"EhÅcÅc?"
"What are you doing flirting around with a girllllllll!!!!!!!!"
*STOMP*????!!
Tohka shouted, and the moment her foot struck the ground, in the middle of the
floor where she stood *CLANG*!And, it collapsed forming a small crater; cracks
were spreading outwards from the epicenter.
"Wha-WhahwahwahÅcÅc!"
Due to the sudden situation, Shidou opened his eyes wide and shuddered in fear.
An ordinary high school girl, couldn't break the floor simply by just stomping on
the floor.
And of course although Tohka wasn't an ordinary high school girlÅcher Spirit
power should have now been sealed? Following that logic, in this current situation
the power she was displaying should only be her physical strength...
"Wha-What does this mean, KotoriÅcÅc?"
When he asked that, Kotori replied with a sigh through the intercam.
"That's whyÅcÅcÅcthis is what we've been trying to tell you from before. Between
Shidou and Tohka a link is passing through you two, and if Tohka's mental state
becomes unstable, we fear that some of her powers will reverse back into her."
"H-Huh? What do you mean by that, are you saying that Tohka's mental state is now
unstable?"
"Yes. And so, before this situation gets any worse, you should fix Tohka's mood
somehow."
"E-Even if you say that how am I supposed to do?"
During the time he was saying that, Tohka managed to reach the base of the jungle
gym where Shidou and [Yoshinon] were entangled.
And then she alternated her piercing gaze between the both of them, [mumumuÅc]
she murmured while remaining tightlipped.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
123 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Then, *glare*! sending a look towards Shidou, followed by a glare at [Yoshinon]
she extended a pointed finger at her.
"Åcshidou. The important task you said you had to do, was it to meet with this girl
here?"
"Ah, no, about thatÅc"
No well, although according to those words, it was certainly true but should he
reply with a 'Yes' now, he was in doubt whether to tell Tohka his true intentions or
not.
And, that time.
"ÅcÅcIyaa,iyaaÅcÅcI get it nowÅc"
The [Yoshinon] who had been staring blankly at Tohka since she first made her
appearance, let out its high-pitched voice.
On the Puppet's rabbit face, was a prankster like smile- he wondered how that got
there.
"Onee-san? Err??"
"ÅcÅcIt's Tohka."
When the puppet said that, Tohka replied in a discouraging tone.
"Then Tohka-chan~ Although I feel bad for you but it would seem that Shidou-kun
has lost interest in you."
"Wha??"
"?!?"
Tohka and Shidou both gasped at the same time, and then faced towards the puppet.
"Iiyaa see, how do I put it? Hearing your conversation, it looks like he broke Tohkachan's
promise and then came to visit Yoshinon right? Isn't this crux of the story?"
"ÅcÅcUh."
Tohka twitched her shoulders, and made a face like she could cry at any moment.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
124 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
"Yo-You, what are you sayin??mguhhhh!?"
When Shidou raised his voice towards the Puppets remark?? Tohka, *grab*,
grabbed him by the mouth with both hands.
"Will you keep quiet for a while shidou?"
While releasing a force that would not allow him to consent or refuse, using an
unbelievable amount of strength she *grind* *grind* clamped her grip on his
cheekbone.
"ÅcÅc! ÅcÅc!"
The puppet was in a pleasant mood and with an [it can't be helped like] tone,
continued speaking.
"Iiyaa?, Sis?, sorry, but this is probably Yoshinon's fault~ her appearance is too
charming~"
"Gu-GuguÅcÅc"
"It really isn't that I am talking bad about Tohka-chan you know? Buut~ I can't really
blame Shidou-kun for leaving behind Tohka-chan and running towards Yoshinon~"
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
125 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
126 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
"U-Ugahhh!!"
For a period of time, while Tohka was still gripping onto Shidou's face and
suppressing her trembling shoulders, having reached her limits she screamed.
And finally, she took her hands off of Shidou's face.
"Sh-Shut up! Shutup shutup shutup! That's no good! That kind of thing is no good!"
"Eehh?, even if say it's no good. HoraaHoraa, Shidou-kun how about saying it
clearly, that Tohka-chan is already an unwanted child."
"?!"
That instant, Tohka suddenly grabbed onto the puppets collar.
And of course since the puppet was small, it was easily removed from the girls
hand, it was then held up in the air.
"?!?"
And, to the girl that had her puppet taken away from her, her eyes began to swirl.
The next moment her eyeballs flickered, her face turned pale white, and sweat
appeared on her face. Incidentally it was visible that her breathing has gotten
rougher, and her fingers *Twitch* *Twitch* started to shake.
"Yo-YoshinonÅcÅc?"
Shidou, while he was rubbing his cheeks that were still in pain, and to the
[Yoshinon] that had shown such a fast change, he gave a worried look.
But, it would seems that Tohka did not realize the state that [Yoshinon] was in. Her
attention was on the puppet that she was grabbing onto with both her hands, like a
knife she gave a sharp gaze, and drew closer to it.
"IÅcÅcI am NOT an unwanted child! Åcshidou saidÅc Åcshidou said that IÅc He said
that it was okay for me to be here! Anymore insults and I will not forgive you!
HEY! How about saying something!?"
Probably thinking that the puppet was the one that let out the voice, she grabbed the
neck of the rabbit, and shook it.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
127 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
"ÅcÅc! ÅcÅc!"
Looking on at that situation, [Yoshinon] began letting out a cry that doesn't sound
like a voice.
As if the calm demeanor she held just now was a lie, her whole body was trembling
like a Chihuahua.[2B 6]
And then [Yoshinon], fixing back her hood to cover her eyes as if she were trying to
avoid being seen, in a nervous manner, she tugged at Tohka's shirt.
"Nu. Wha-What? Don't disturb me. I am talking to this guy right here, right now."
"??Gii...veÅcback...pleaseÅcÅc"
To try and take back the puppet, that Tohka was lifting high up with both her hands,
[Yoshinon] *Hop* *Hop* was jumping up and down.
Speaking of which, it might be the first time since yesterday that he had heard her
real voice.
"?What are you doing Shidou? Yoshinon's mental condition is deteriorating. Hurry
up and stop it!"
And, from his right ear, Kotori's voice echoed.
While scratching his cheek Shidou, spoke timidly with his voice shaking:
"H-Hey...Tohka. ErrÅcÅcthat...will you give that back to her?"
"ÅcÅcUh!"
When he did that Tohka, at Shidou's words, her eyes opened wide in a shock.
"shidouÅcÅcAs I thoughtÅcyou picked this girl instead of meÅc..."
"Ha...huh? No, it isn't about that?"
And, at the same time.
"ÅcÅc[Zadkiel]ÅcÅc"
"?!"
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
128 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
As he thought that, [Yoshinon] suddenly raised her right hand into the air and then
swung it down, right below her.
In an instant, from the floor it broke through? a giant doll appeared at that spot.
"WhaÅc!?"
The whole body should be around 3 meters in length; in short it was a plushie toy
that took the size of fully sized ragdoll. The outer body was made of smooth gold
like material, and white patterns were carved here and there on it.
And also at the part that appears to be its head, a long rabbit like ears could be
glimpsed.
"A d-dollÅcÅc!?"
"?Wha...is this?!?"
Shidou and Tohka, let out their voices at the same time.
[Yoshinon], clinging onto the back of the doll that appeared right under her own
feet, and in the two holes located on its back she inserted both her legs into them.
The next moment? the dolls eyes shone red, and while shaking its slow-witted like
body, *Guooooooooooooooooo*, it raised a low roar.
And together with that, white smoke started coming out from the body of the doll.
"ColdÅcÅc!?"
He drew back his legs without thinking.
That smoke, was similar to liquid nitrogen, was something at subzero temperatures.
"?The manifestation of the Angel at this timeÅc!? Shidou, this is bad, run away!"
"Huh...huhÅcÅc!? Wh-What is an Angel!!"
Suddenly Kotori's shout echoed into his right ear, he then raised a loud voice
without thinking.
"It appeared right in front of you right! The absolute shield that protects the Spirits
and coming together with the AstralDress it becomes the strongest lance! Making a
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
129 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Spirit into a Spirit [the miracle that holds a shape]! Did you already forget about
Tohka's [Sandalphon]!?"
[Sandalphon]. At that name, Shidou moved his eyebrows in shock.
Last month. It was something that manifested when Tohka still had her Spirit
powers, a giant throne and a sword.
With this event being shown. It was unusually simple.
That is to say? even though they kissed. He couldn't seal the Spirit powers.
Thus, when he thought that [Yoshinon] pulled her hands back, the doll? [Zadkiel]
together with a low roar, bent its body.
When it did that, the department store's windows started breaking, one window after
another, and allowing rain to enter and land on the interior shop floor.
No? to be precise, it was a little different.
It wasn't that the windows broke which allowed the rain to enter, it felt more like, the
raindrops pelted the window glass with tremendous force from outside until it
forced its way in.
"EhÅcÅc!?"
Shidou opened his eyes wide in shock, and while his legs were trembling, he looked
at the doll rising in front of him. ?*Twist*, the doll turned its face towards Tohka.
"ÅcÅc! Tohka!"
Shidou shouted quickly and pulled Tohka's hand, and while he was holding on to her
body he caused them to fall to the ground.
"WhaÅcÅcshidou!?"
Tohka's voice shook his eardrums. However, at the same time as she spoke, in the
place where Tohka was standing moments ago, a large number of bullet like objects
zoomed passed.
All those bullets showily pierced through the merchandise shelves around them,
after that all of it turned into transparent liquid and flowed onto the ground.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
130 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
"Ra-RainÅc!?"
Yes. From the broken windows, hardened raindrops like hailstones, ignored gravity
and were released at Tohka.
And? over there, [Zadkiel] driven by [Yoshinon] moved.
"ÅcUh."
In an instant to protect Tohka, he turned his back towards [Zadkiel].
But, [Zadkiel] kicked the ground performing a keen maneuver that did not match to
its slow moving silhouette, it passed through the spot where Tohka was at just now,
and just like that it jumped outdoors through the broken windows.
At the midway point of this maneuver? the puppet that fell on the ground from
Tohka's hand, was eaten up into the mouth area of the doll.
"ÅcÅc"
Shortly afterwards, Shidou turned his back and his sights away from [Yoshinon], he
opened his mouth a little.
"W-We are safeÅcright?"
"ÅcÅcYes. The signal has completely withdrawn. You are quite rash aren't you,
Shidou?"
From his right ear, he heard that voice.
"IiyaÅcbut why did that suddenly?"
While he was in the middle of speaking?
"Enough is enough hurry up and get awayÅcÅc!"
His face got pushed away and Shidou *Flip* rolled onto the ground from that spot.
"NowahÅc!?"
There was no need to think of the reason. It was Tohka who was in Shidou's arms
just now.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
131 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Her face was blushing and she was clenching her teeth, she made an expression
equal to a spoiled child, she then with her shoulders shaking angrily, stood up.
"To-TohkaÅc?"
"Åc! Don't touch me!"
"OuchÅc"
Shidou frowned without thinking, and then when he withdrew his hands, in that
instant Tohka made a surprised face.
But immediately after that she became [mumumuÅcÅcÅcÅc] ,*pui* and she turned
her face away.
"Wha-What happened to you, TohkaÅc?"
"Shut up! Don't talk to me! I-Instead of me, that girl is more important rightÅc!"
"H-HuhÅc? What are you sayin?"
When Shidou made a dumbfounded voice, Tohka started kicking the ground with
frustration.
"U-U-U-UUuuuuuuuuuuuuu?!!"
"WaiÅcÅc UwaaÅc!?"
With each kick, another crack was put into the floor, and it caved in.
Shidou who could no longer sustain his balance, rolled down into the hole.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
132 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
133 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 7
"?All members of AST report in. There is movement by the Spirit. Resume attack
at will when sighted."
From her eardrums, Origami's whole body that was wrapped in a wiring suit, heard
the transmitted incoming communication.
"?Roger."
When Origami replied, she fixed her firing posture with both her hands gripping
the Anti-Spirit Gatling gun [Auldist].
The latest equipment, a long-range type weapon designed to rapidly fire a large
numbers of bullets from outside the opponent's range.
The rain that started falling at the same time as when [Hermit] appeared, which had
been bouncing off the outer surface of her personal territory, had not affected their
preparations outside the building, as she continued gazing at the Spirit readings that
was directly being shown onto her retina.
In that instant.
?*GON*, together with that sound, the Spirit blasted a hole in the building wall,
and a cloud of dust was raised.
At the same time together with all that, the Spirit readings lit up on the retina screen.
"?Fire!"
At the same time as the echo of captain Ryouko's command, Origami and the others
pulled their triggers all at once.
A terrible rumbling sound resounded as the building was riddled by hundreds of
bullets, and a dreadful cloud dust was raised into the air.
"ÅcÅc"
Origami, while still resting her finger on the trigger, narrowed her eyes.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
134 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Due to her Territory providing her with enhanced superhuman eyesight, she caught
sight of a shadow moving at high speed within the cloud of dust.
Origami while remaining silent issued out her orders from inside her mind.
As if responding to her will, the small missiles located within the leg compartments
of her equipment activated, from the left and right leg, each loaded with 10 rounds,
homing missiles were launched aimed at [Hermit].
"?!?"
The Spirit who was in the middle of having Anti Spirit Gatling bullets shot at her?
the [Hermit], immediately turned her eyes towards the homing missiles that were
approaching her, and made a surprised expression.
"?!"
When [Hermit] pulled both her hands, the doll lightly danced into the air, and shook
off the pursuing homing missiles.
But, by that time it was already too late, the remaining AST members, had locked on
to the Spirit's figure.
From behind the homing missiles, and with the barrage of Gatling bullets coming
from all directions. Avoiding all of that would be impossible.
"Kya??!"
At the same time, Origami heard a small cry from somewhere with her
superhearing, a tremendously loud explosion occurred where all the bullets had
impacted at once.
Most probably, most of the attacks would be nullified by the AstralDress that was
covering the Spirit? even the [Hermit] would most likely come out uninjured not to
mention a [Princess] class Spirit.
Currently, at the point of impact, they confirmed that the giant doll was falling
down.
"??Okay! Don't rest your hands from attacking! Shoot! Shoot!"
Ryouko's orders echoed. But??
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
135 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
The finger that Origami was resting on the trigger twitched.
They confirmed that the Spirit body of the giant doll vanished and dissolved into
space.
"We LostÅcÅcher?"
From someone's whisper, had been sent and heard by the entire AST team members.
When the Spirit returns to the other side, which they called the other dimensionthey
classify it as [Lost].
Although the AST had the goal of eliminating the Spirits with military power, it is
incredibly hard to completely defeat a Spirit which has huge battle abilities;
generally when this [Lost] condition occurs, the operation has been deemed a
success.
And, therefore, the clouds drifted away and daylight shone down.
The rain that was hitting the Territory stopped promptly.
"?All members, we're all returning to base."
"ÅcÅc"
From Ryouko's voice, Origami lowered her gun muzzle, and deactivated her
weapon systems.
But, during the time when she followed Ryouko's back and returned to base?
"ÅcÅc?"
From her eyesight that was improved because of her Territory, something peculiar
caught her eye, she lowered her altitude temporarily to investigate.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
136 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
137 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Chapter 3: Excessively Distorted
Compassion
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
138 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
139 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 1
"Hey, Tohkaa~ÅcÅc"
While letting out a perplexed voice, Shidou *knock* *knock*, knocked on the door.
ButÅcthere was no response.
"TohkaÅcÅcI'm begging you, hear me out on what I have to say."
Once more, he said that while knocking on the door.
When he did that? *Don!* A loud sound occurred and the whole house shook.
"ÅcUh!"
Due to the sudden noise, he twitched his shoulders in reflex.
And, from the door that Shidou had been knocking on, a mumbling voice echoed.
"ÅcÅcFuun. DonÅft bother meÅcÅcHurry up and go to that side Idiot ?Idiot."
And with that response the matter ended like that. Tohka was completely sulking.
"HaaaahÅcWhat am I supposed to doÅc?"
Shidou was completely at a loss, he sighed gloomily while rubbing his brows with
his fingers.
Shidou was currently in front of a door located in the deepest part of the 2nd floor
in the Itsuka residence, there was the word [Tohka] scribbled on paper and pasted to
the door.
It had been 5 hours since [Yoshinon] went back to the other world.
After that, he was retrieved by <Fraxinus>, and went back to his house, which was a
good thing. But, upon entering the house he found that Tohka had locked herself
inside her room and refused to come out.
"?Shidou. Got a moment? There is something I want to confirm."
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
140 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
From the intercam that was on his right ear came KotoriÅfs voice.
"AhÅcÅc? What now, this isn't the right time for that?"
"Shidou, you really did kiss Yoshinon properly, right?"
"ÅcÅcUh, huh? What's this all of a suddenÅcÅc?"
From the sudden question, Shidou made a shrill voice.
"Just answer, at that time Shidou and Yoshinon's lips met together. That isn't a
mistake, correct?"
"ÅcÅcAh, yeaahÅcÅc"
"FumuÅcÅc"
"S-So what's wrong with that? I'm saying this first, that was completely an accident
?"
"I know that. Instead of that, I would even praise you for achieving the goal we were
aiming for."
"ÅcThen what is it?"
When Shidou asked, Kotori after groaning [umu] replied:
"?It would seem that even though you kissed, you couldn't seal any of the Spirit's
power at all."
After being told that Shidou's eyes widened.
That's right. Even after kissing [Yoshinon], she was still using her Spirit powers.
"Well, the affection level wasn't raised as high as that time with Tohka and of course
sealing all of the power is impossible, but even so? it is a little concerning that not
even a little bit of it could be sealed. In numerical values, I thought that even at that
stage it would be divided by 2 or even 3."
After saying that, she once again returned to talking to herself.
"ÅcSomehow either Yoshinon has a hidden special ability, or?"
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
141 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
"Hey, HHeeeeyyyy, Kotori. I think Yoshinon is also a big problem butÅcÅcerr."
While saying that, Shidou had his eyes turned towards Tohka's door.
Kotori probably guessed what Shidou was thinking and replied immediately.
"?Ahh, it's about Tohka, huh? How is her condition now?"
"Just like what you can seeÅcÅcI was trying to talk to her just now, but it was no
good."
"I see. From seeing the numerical values it would seem that her powers temporarily
resurfaced, though then they flowed back into the Pass and are once again sealed.
But...it would be better if you hurried up and fixed her mood."
"Her moodÅcÅcbut how?"
"ÅcÅcShin. If it's okay with you, would you leave this problem to me?"
After Shidou asked, he heard a strangely sleepy voice from the intercam? It was
Reine.
"EhÅc?"
"ÅcÅcAs expected, she is getting worked up about that. If I am not mistaken,
tomorrow is a Saturday. Would you mind leaving Tohka to me in the afternoon?
Let's seeÅcÅcHow about you let us go out and buy the groceries?"
"I donÅft mind but what is this about all of a sudden?"
A few moments after Shidou asked, Reine let out a sigh.
"ÅcÅcÅcWith things like this, it is better if the is not there. These
are delicate traits of a womanÅfs heart. Please remember that."
"Ha-HaaaÅcÅc"
Shidou, scratched his cheek with a confused feeling.
person concerned
Shin
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
142 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
143 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 2
"ÅcÅcAnd so, that's about it, Tohka. I am thinking of going out shopping, would you
mind accompanying me?"
The next day, 13th of May (Saturday) 10 A.M.
Just like what she said yesterday, Reine visited the Itsuka house and said those words
in front of TohkaÅfs room.
Her current attire wasn't the usual white robe or the army uniform. From her chest
pocket a stuffed bear covered in scars was peeping out from the jersey like clothing
with dark colored bottom. There was also a bag on her shoulder, showing that she
was planning to go out and buy something.
But Tohka was the same as yesterday, and from beyond the door echoed an irritated
voice.
"Shut up, leave me aloneÅcÅcÅc!"
She still sounded angry. Shidou, who was standing right beside Reine let out a sigh.
"She has been like this since yesterday."
"ÅcÅcÅcFumu."
Reine put her hand on her chin to show that she was thinking.
And then from the bag, she brought out a terminal like computer, and started
fiddling around with it using her other hand.
After looking at the terminal screen, she closed it and stepped forward towards the
door.
"ÅcÅcÅcTohka."
"I told you to leave me aloneÅcÅcÅc! I wa?"
"ÅcÅcÅcI am thinking of eating something outside while shopping. How about it?"
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
144 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
When Reine said that, Tohka was unexpectedly silent.
And then, after 10 seconds.
...
*Creak*
The bedroom door opened, and from inside Tohka's angry face popped out.
She probably hadn't changed her clothes since yesterday; she was still dressed in her
high school uniform. What's more her clothes were still wet. Speaking of which,
maybe she hadn't slept, there were dark circles under her eyes. If she were to walk
beside Reine, others would say they were sisters.
"WhaÅc?"
Shidou opened his eyes wide in surprise.
"Re-Reine-sanÅcÅc? What on earth did you doÅcÅcÅc?"
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcNothing. It's because her hunger value is rising. I thought it is probably
about time that she is reaching her limits now."
"I seeÅcÅcÅceh, yesterday night I tried calling her out for supper but she didnÅft
come outÅc"
"ÅcÅcThat is well; she probably doesn't want to see your face."
"ÅcÅc"
And he was told such harsh words directly and plainly.
But, it was the truth. Tohka, who had finally come outside, upon seeing Shidou
*pui* she turned her face away, and walked away with heavy steps.
"Hurry up and let's go!"
"ÅcÅcÅcUn, letÅfs do that. Rain has also been falling since this morning. Please do
not forget to bring an umbrella."
While saying that, Reine made eye contact with Shidou that seemed to say [Leave
this to me].
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
145 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
"ÅcÅcÅcI-I'm counting on you."
The only thing Shidou could do was to send both of them off.
And just like that he was standing there dazed for a few minutes.
"ErrrrÅcÅcÅc"
But, he immediately realized he was wasting his time. He lightly pulled his cheek to
regain his composure and then descended the stairs.
"It's a day off from school after allÅcÅcÅcI guess I'll go shopping in the afternoon
too."
He planned to go shopping yesterday right after school, but because of various
things he couldn't go.
Shidou hurriedly finished dressing, and left the house taking an umbrella with him.
"Umbrella? well, I'll hang on to it just in case, since Kotori is still sleeping."
After opening the umbrella and saying that, Shidou made footprints on the road of
rain.
?And then, wondering how long he spent walking.
"ÅcÅcÅcUh!?"
In the middle of walking to the shopping street, he noticed the back of someone he
recognized. Shidou then stopped his legs.
That was, because he found someone with rabbit like ears attached to a green
colored hood.
"Yo-YoshinonÅcÅcÅc?"
Shidou, raised his eyebrows as that name came out of his mouth.
Yes, due to the area being destroyed by yesterdayÅfs spacequake, from over the other
side of the prohibit entry sign that was placed up, the Spirit [Yoshinon]'s figure was
there.
Shidou hid his body behind the wall, observing [Yoshinon].
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
146 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
"The alarmÅcÅcdidn't ringÅcÅcEh, the same pattern with Tohka at that time, huh."
Speaking of that, when he encountered [Yoshinon] the first time, the alarm wasn't
ringing. Maybe because, she was a Spirit that frequently comes and goes to this
dimension from the other world.
"ÅcÅcÅcBut, what is the best thing to do nowÅc?"
Now that he found her, there was no way he could ignore her now? he did not
know what kind of action he should take.
After Shidou took some time pondering over his thoughts? he pushed the buttons
on his cell phone.
After hearing the calling tone going on for a while, he heard a sleepy voice from
his cell phone receiver.
"ÅcÅcÅcFua~iÅcÅcHelloÅcÅcÅc? Onii-chanÅcÅcÅcÅc?"
It was clearly the sound of her just waking up. And of course, it was Shidou's sister,
Kotori.
"Hey. Good morning Kotori."
"Unn-ÅcÅcGud morning. What's wrongÅcÅcÅcÅc?"
"ÅcIt's an emergency. I found Yoshinon."
"ÅcÅcÅc"
The moment Shidou said that, on the other side of his cell phone, *Pachin!*
*Pachin!*, he heard the sound of cheeks being hit with all her might.
And right after that a dignified voice, that he knew and at the same time doesn't,
echoed.
"?Tell me about the whole situation in detail."
"Y-Yeah."
While being a little overpowered by the sudden change, Shidou explained the
current situation in a simple manner.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
147 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
"ÅcÅcÅcI see. Another quiet appearance huh? This is troubling? So, ShidouÅfs
existence hasnÅft been discovered by the Spirit yet, right?"
"AahhhÅcÅcI think so. What should I do?"
"Do you have the intercam?"
"Eh? Aah? yeah just in case."
Shidou, lightly felt his pocket to confirm the feeling of the small device was there.
Since the affair with Tohka, he was told to carry one just in case there was a
problem.
"That is good. Wear that. DonÅft lose sight of the Spirit and standby for orders."
"Eh? Wai?"
?? *snap* *toot*,*toot*,*toot*. The call disconnected.
"Sta-Stand byÅcÅcÅc"
From the careless instructions, he raised his eyebrows.
Since, there was nothing else he could do. He quietly put the intercam onto his ear,
and peeked at [Yoshinon]Åfs condition.
After 5 minutes had past, from the intercam he heard his precious little sister's
voice.
Apparently she had finished her preparation in a short time, and then moved towards
<Fraxinus>.
"?Can you hear me? Shidou."
"ÅcÅcYeah, I can hear you."
"We can't leave her alone if this continues. For now let's make contact first."
"ÅcÅcUnderstood."
After taking a good breathes, he steadily walked towards [Yoshinon].
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
148 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Even now [Yoshinon] was not in the state to realize Shidou was there, she was
desperately looking at the ground.
"ÅcÅcÅcWell then, talk to her."
"Eeh...Pl-Please wait a second."
Because of Shidou approaching the Spirit, a window was displayed on the bridges
main monitor.
á@The same time when trying to talk to her, face upwards after rolling over
then show your stomach, to show that you have no hostility towards her.
áAImmediately hug her tightly, to tell her the love from this side.
áBTo show that you are unarmed, talk to her after getting stark-naked.
The method to avoid provoking the Spirit, were shown in 3 patterns.
"*Tsk* Although it hurts to not have Reine here, it can't be helped."
Kotori, after taking a glimpse at the vacant seat on the lower bridge, she clicked her
tongue.
Currently, Reine should be taking Tohka shopping right now. They also couldn't
take the chance of abandoning Tohka and lowering her mood even further.
"?All members, choose!"
Together with that order, from the display on Kotori's hand, the crew's choices
appeared on it.
?á@,áA,áB. All together, almost all the votes of that amount were gathered.
"*Tsk* ItÅfs a little broken."
While Kotori was murmuring frustrated, voices from the lower bridge echoed.
"It should be á@! To animals, exposing the stomach is the pose for surrender! The
other party would feel safer!"
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
149 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
"Ridiculous! Obviously áA is the decided one! Rabbits die when they are lonely!"
"That is just a girl wearing a rabbit hood? itÅfs not even a real rabbit anyway!
Leaving that aside commander, it's choice number áB!, to show that there is no
ulterior motive from this side? it is to go naked, there are no other choices than
being naked!"
"Shut up old hag! You only just wanted to see a naked high school boy!"
"WhaÅcÅc? Uh, what a rude remark! DonÅft you know!? When persuading a
primitive man that has been brought back to modern times, to be fully naked is the
most effective way to go!"
"What kind of talk is that! Anyways it's áA pick áA!"
"No, it must be á@!"
"Naked! Naked!"
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcQuiet!"
*Bam*!, the console got hit, and the crew that were getting heated, got yelled at.
And inside the quiet downed bridge, she slowly took the mike and?
"??Shidou, before talking to her, take off your shirt."
She calmly, said that.
Then from the lower bridge, a few numbers of female crew members, and for some
weird reason one male crew member, did a Guts pose [2C 1]..
But?
"No way!"
Shidou's shout echoed at the same time as it being delivered via the speaker.
"?!?"
The [Yoshinon] in the screen, *piku* twitched her shoulders in surprise.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
150 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
"ÅcÅcÅc! This is bad."
The moment Shidou let out his shout, [Yoshinon], turned towards him with a
trembling motion.
Her face turning pale and her teeth made clattering sounds, her whole body started
to tremble.
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcHi, iÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcu"
And thus, she was making a face showing that she would cry at any moment now
and immediately raised her right hand high up.
Shidou's heart constricted as if were being squeezed by an illusionary hand.
He had memories about that movement. Yesterday, [Yoshinon] was behaving like
this when the giant doll manifested.
"WaiÅc, Wait! Calm down!"
But, even if as he said, that there was no way they could communicate.
When Kotori also realized what [Yoshinon] was trying to do, she too shouted out.
"Shidou! For now if you still have time ??pick á@! Show her your stomach and
roll over!"
"Hu,??HaaaaahÅcÅcÅc!?"
"Hurry!"
There was no other way.
After Shidou threw his umbrella on the ground, on the road wet with the rain,
*Roll*, he threw himself down and rolled.
"I give up, I surrender."
"ÅcÅcÅcÅc!?"
At that instant, when [Yoshinon] was going to swing her hands down, she made a
dumbfounded face.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
151 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
And then, timidly, she slowly lowered her hand to its original position, and started
examining ShidouÅfs current state.
"ÅcÅcÅcD-Did weÅcÅcÅcsucceed?"
"?Probably, try talking to her while you avoid provoking her."
Being told that, Shidou who was still rolled over, slowly raised his neck.
"ÅcÅcÅcY-YoÅcÅcÅc"
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅc"
Even when he tried talking to her, [Yoshinon] continued staring at him in full alert
mode.
"Wha-What is wrong with todayÅcÅcÅcÅcÅc?"
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅc"
"T-This is some amazing rainÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅc"
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅc"
Nothing, there were no replies coming back.
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcWhat am I going to do about this?"
Shidou tried tilting his head to the side.
It might be a mistake but? right now, he thought that he could see [Yoshinon]Åfs left
hand.
Meaning, she was not wearing her puppet.
At the same time Shidou was raising his eyebrows in doubt, once again a restraining
voice echoed from Kotori.
And again choices appeared on the <Fraxinus> monitors.
á@Walk and approach her while talking in a tenacious way, and fill in the gap of
the distance.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
152 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
áATo regain normal composure, temporarily retreat.
áBAsk her why she is not wearing her puppet.
"FumuÅcÅcÅc"
After looking at the total results from the crew members, that were being shown in
the small display on her hand, Kotori made a small hum.
The most common one was, áB. As expected everyone, realized that she was not
wearing her puppet.
And certainly it was also a matter that even Kotori wanted to find out.
"Shidou, pick áB. She might have lost her puppet, and is probably now looking for it.
It was about time to get a reaction anyway, try asking her about the puppet."
"ÅcÅcÅcUnderstood."
With Shidou in agreement, he opened his mouth.
"HeyÅcÅcÅcÅcyou, are you perhaps, looking for your puppetÅcÅcÅcÅc?"
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅc!"
The moment Shidou said that, [Yoshinon] immediately opened her eyes wide.
And when he thought that, she ran towards him and she immediately grabbed his
head, as if to ask a question she shook his head hard.
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅc! ÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅc!?"
"Ah, ouchouchouchouchÅcÅcÅcÅcÅc! Wait, please stop that."
When he said that, [Yoshinon] steadily removed her hands from ShidouÅfs head.
Shidou got up while looking at the girl, and he then tried asking again.
"As expectedÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcyou were looking for it."
And [Yoshinon] kept nodding her head hard.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
153 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
After that, she looked at Shidou with very worried eyes. It was as if, she was asking
for the whereabouts of the puppet.
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcUh, so-sorry. I donÅft know where it is tooÅcÅcÅcÅc"
When Shidou said that, [Yoshinon] made a face as if the world is about to end, and
losing her strength she sank down on the floor.
And just like that she hung her head low, [ueÅcÅcÅcÅc, eÅcÅcÅcÅc] and the sounds
of weeping started to leak out.
"Er, errrrrÅcÅcÅcÅcÅc"
If she were to go on a rampage it would be troubling, but this was also troubling in
its own way. Shidou quickly fell into a panic with his sights wandering around.
"??Calm down, Shidou."
And, the honest voice of Kotori got delivered into his eardrums.
Receiving [Yoshinon]'s reaction, the window was deployed on the screen for the 3rd
time.
á@ "That kind of guy, I will make you forget about him" appeal to her as a
reliable man.
áA "Together with me, let's go find the puppet" appeal to her as a kind man.
áB "Actually I am the puppet all along!" appeal to her as a man filled with a
humorous sense.
"All members, your choices!"
When Kotori sent out that order, the total results were shown on her small-scaled
display.
The most votes were on áA, the next was á@. And only one vote was on áB.
"Well, áA is the safest choice. ÅcÅcÅcbut who was the person that picked something
like number áB."
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcIs it a bad choice then?"
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
154 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
From behind, KannazukiÅfs dispirited voice mumbled.
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅc"
Kotori ignored him and pulled the mike towards her.
"Shidou, accompany her to look for that puppet."
And from behind, [aah, an ignoring play is also not that bad tooÅcÅcÅcÅc!] was
heard but, she ignored it.
"Er,erm about this, Yoshinon."
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅc!"
The moment Shidou raised his voice, [Yoshinon]'s body shook in surprise again.
And when she immediately waved her hands, the water puddles around her rose up,
forming like bullets that exploded near the place that Shidou was sitting down.
"NoÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcnowaa!?"
Without thinking, his body cramped.
"So-sorry! I didnÅft mean to scare you!"
As if to examine the condition on his side, without lowering his guard he cautiously
looked over there (ÅcÅcÅccomparatively, when their eyes met she would look away)
to [Yoshinon], he fixed his posture and lowered his head a little.
And then to show that there will not be any resistance he raised both of his hands up,
then continued his words.
"ErrÅcÅcÅcI-If it is okayÅcÅc.I, will also help to search for the puppet with you?"
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcÅc!"
The moment Shidou said that, [Yoshinon] opened her eyes wide in surprise.
After a few seconds, and for the first time her face turned very bright, *um* *um*
she swung her head hard up and down.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
155 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
After Shidou exhaled an [okay], he finally raised his hips up from the wet ground.
It was quite wet but, well, now wasnÅft the time to care about it.
"ErmmmmÅcÅcÅcsoo, about that. The puppet, where and when did you lose it?"
When asked, as if she was hesitating [Yoshinon] eyes wandered around, and then she
opened her cherry blossom colored lips.
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcYes...terdayÅcÅcÅcÅc"
And then, she pulled the rabbit ears that were stuck on the hood and covered her
face, while hiding her eyes she carried on talking awkwardly.
"The scaryÅcÅcÅcÅcpeople, when I realizedÅcÅcÅcÅcwe wereÅcÅcÅcattacked, I lost
itÅcÅcÅc"
"HmmmÅcÅcÅcÅcÅc? You, were attacked by the AST huh?"
When Shidou said that, [Yoshinon] threw her head down vertically.
"I see, it was after thatÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅc"
While Shidou was talking, he looked around by craning his neck to the left then
right.
Whether it was destroyed buildings or cracked roads, he expanded his full view as
much as possible. This was going to be a hard task.
And, as if matching together with that reaction, from his right ear sounds were
delivered from <Fraxinus>.
"??We will send you as many cameras as we have. Try to communicate with her
as much as you can while searching."
To show that Shidou understood, he poked the intercam a little, and once again
brought his eyes to [Yoshinon].
"OkayÅcÅcnow then, let's start searching, Yoshinon."
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcÅc!"
[Yoshinon] consented??after mumbling a little in her mouth, she let out her voice.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
156 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
"I, I amÅcÅcÅcÅc"
"Eh?"
"IÅcÅcÅcam, not Yoshinon,ÅcÅcÅcbut Yoshino. YoshinonÅcÅcÅcis my,
friendÅcÅcÅc"
"YoshinoÅcÅcÅcÅc?"
When Shidou replied her by saying her name, the girl? Yoshino tried to run away.
"AhÅcÅcÅcÅcwait!"
And, probably she was surprised by that voice, Yoshino twitched her shoulders
again.
At that instant, the rain surrounding Yoshino suddenly turned into something like
needles and flew towards Shidou.
"Uwaaaaaaaa!?"
He lowered his head on the spot in panic, and managed to somehow dodge them.
It was okay since there were just few. But, if this was shot more towards Shidou's
body, he would have been a cactus by now.
"C-Calm down! ItÅfs me itÅfs me!"
When Yoshino turned this way while twitching, and after seeing Shidou's face, she
took a deep breath.
Shidou stood up while talking in a timid tone.
"I-If it is okay use thisÅcÅcÅcÅcalthough you are already wet, itÅfs still better than
nothing right?"
He picked up the umbrella that he had just thrown away, and gave it to Yoshino.
"? ? ?"
"Aah, this is how you use it."
He grabbed Yoshino's hand while she was tilting her head in curiosity, and then held
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
157 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
it up.
When he did that, she was surprised by the fact that raindrops no longer touched her,
and Yoshino looked up with eyes that were turning around in amazement.
The transparent vinyl umbrella was repelling the rain that was falling and hitting it
while shining brightly.
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅc! ÅcÅcÅcÅcÅc!"
Yoshino excitedly, flapped her other hand that was not holding the umbrella.
"Y-Yeah, you are happy with it huh? Use it, use it!"
And after Shidou said that, Yoshino turned her eyes to Shidou as if she was asking
him.
"AhÅcÅcÅc? Me?"
Yoshino nodded her head repeatedly.
"Aah, I'm okay. It's okay just use it."
After hesitatingly looking at the umbrella and then to Shidou for a few moments.
"ThÅcÅcÅcank, yÅcÅcÅcou."
And after she bowed and lowered her head, they continued their search for the
puppet.
"Doing something cool like that."
From his right ear, he heard Kotori teasing like voice.
"S-Shut up."
"?Well, if the Spirit's feels like it, something like a wet shirt could immediately be
dried though. But even before that, she has no difficulty making rain bullets from
the invisible film that she set up."
"I-Is that right?"
ÅcÅcÅcWell, that wasn't really a problem. He just could not bear to watch, a little
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
158 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
girl getting soaked by the rain.
Shidou lightly wiped his wet face, and began the search.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
159 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
160 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 3
"?How did it go? Did you find the puppet?"
"No, not yet. We haven't found it yet."
When Kotori asked the question, she heard a reply from a crewman down at the
lower bridge.
The time was now 12:30 p.m. It has been almost 2 hours since Shidou and Yoshino
started their search. If they continue working under this rain, their bodies would get
too cold and, their fatigue would also accumulate.
It would have been okay if [Ratatoskr] were able to send in the mechanics
department members too but? it would be dangerous if too many people were to be
thrown into the search, they might scare Yoshino and then they might lose
everything. Even if she wasnÅft scared by them, there was a chance that her good
impressions that was supposed to onlyÅ@go to Shidou, would be spread in multiple
directions.
"How about the images?"
Kotoris eyes turned to her right hand side, and the crews that were fiddling with
their consoles, without looking away, replied back.
"The resolution is a little rough butÅcÅcÅcÅcwe can manage somehow."
"Then bring it up on the monitor."
Kotori said that, and on one part of the <Fraxinus> bridge monitor, images of the
area from around the time of yesterday's battle between the AST and Yoshino were
being projected.
It was like it was dragged into the aftershock of the battle, the camera took some
distance to get a better picture of the area, and compared to the resolution from just
now the image qualityÅ@now was quite bad.
"She no longer has the puppet?? in the image of when the Spirit was lost."
After a while, the image enlarged and close-upped on Yoshino.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
161 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
"??Turn it back, the image from just before the AST attacks land, we are able to
confirm that the puppet is in the Angels mouth. It is right to think that it was lost
during that attack."
"So, where's the important puppet?"
"Because of the smoke getting thicker, although I can't say that it is for certain
butÅcÅcÅcÅcI can confirm the shadow of it falling off, I think the worst case
scenario of it being burnt up because of that attack has been avoided."
"FumuÅcÅcÅcÅcÅc"
Kotori used her hands and hit her jaw.
"Right after when Yoshino was Lost, aren't there anymore images left of the
surroundings?"
"I-I will try looking for it."
And, at that moment the speaker went, *riiinnnngg* such a sound leaked out and she
heard it.
"Yoshino?"
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcÅc!"
It had been almost 3 hours, since they began searching for the puppet.
While Shidou was combing up his wet hair, he looked at Yoshino beside him who
was still looking for the puppet.
It would seem that he realized an amazingly cute voice echoed.
Yoshino once again as she was scared, she twitched her shoulder? maybe she got a
little used to Shidou's voice, this time she didn't make needle water bullets and shoot
them.
"ÅcÅcÅcAre you hungry?"
When Shidou asked, Yoshino face turned red and *pun* *pun* swung her head from
side to side.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
162 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
But, at that timing, her stomach grumbled.
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅc!"
It would seem that Spirits get hungry too.
He heard that for the life form called Spirit, all it needed for sustenance was Spirit
energy butÅc Åcspeaking of which, after Tohka's power was sealed she became very
gluttonous.
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcWhat am I supposed to do."
Although he doesn't know how long it has been since Yoshino started searching for
the puppet, but since it was already past noon, it would be weird not to be hungry.
Shidou's stomach was a little empty too.
Using his finger, Shidou gave his intercam a small poke, and a voice from Kotori
that had already guessed what subject he was about to raise:
"??Hmm I guess so, how about taking a rest while having lunch?"
"UnÅcÅcÅcI guess you're right."
After making a light stretch he said to Yoshino.
"Yoshino, let's take a rest, okay?"
When Shidou said that, Yoshino swung her head sideways. And then her stomach
grumbled again.
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅc!"
And, after Yoshino had pondered for a while, she finally consented with hesitation.
"Okay, well thenÅcÅcÅcÅc"
After saying that, Shidou rearranged his thoughts.
He had his wallet just in case but if he was this wet, it would be difficult to enter a
shop.
Shidou placed his hand on his face for a while, and then he poked the intercam.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
163 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcHey, Kotori. If it's about a resting spot, is our home okay?"
And right after saying that. Kotori made an exaggerated shocked voice.
"Wow. Haven't seen you for quite a while and you turned quite daring. If you are
planning on pushing her down please be careful."
"ÅcÅcHey."
"I know. ÅcÅcÅcÅcWell, there is no other place to go anyway, I will specially permit
it then."
"Roger."
Shidou made a short reply and then, talked to Yoshino.
"Well thenÅcÅcÅclet's go."
Yoshino while remaining silent, gave a small nod.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
164 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
165 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 4
"ÅcÅcUmu."
While Tohka was rubbing her stomach and sighing, she was following Reine as they
walked through town in the rain.
She was feeling somewhat bad from having not eaten anything yesterday afternoon,
and for not having slept much.
But, the reason for this uneasiness was not from her lack of sleep or from her empty
stomach?Tohka somehow understood that.
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅc"
Tohka clenched her teeth, and *splash* kicked the wet ground.
But even if she were to do something like that, there was no way the irritating
swirling in the bottom of her stomach would just end.
And Reine who was walking in front of her suddenly stopped walking. Tohka
stopped right on the verge of bumping into her.
"ÅcÅcHow about we go and have our lunch first. Is this place okay?"
Right in front of them was a building with a colorful signboard. If she wasn't
mistaken, this place was a family restaurant.
Tohka made a big nod.
"UnÅcIt would help if you were to do that. My stomach is so empty that I think I am
going to die."
"ÅcÅcWell then, let us enter."
When both of them folded their umbrellas and entered the shop, following the shop
attendant, they settled down at the end of the non-smoking area.
Immediately, they skimmed through the menu and placed an order.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
166 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
While waiting for their orders to come, in order to calm her stomach, she drank the
water the attendant placed on the table in one gulp.
"ÅcÅcTohka."
Reine, faced Tohka with her pair of eyes decorated by thick and cloudy eye bags.
"What?"
"ÅcÅcBefore the food gets here, I would like to have a little talkÅcÅcis that okay?"
"NuÅcWell, I don't mind butÅcÅcWhat kind of talk is it?"
Tohka, in order show that she was alert, she lifted her body from the table and
nodded.
The woman known as Murasame Reine was ÅcÅcÅchard to understand because she
seemed to always be thinking of something?and because of that habit, it felt like
she could see through anything?it felt a little irritating.
Whether or not she realized what Tohka was thinking at that moment, Reine
remained in a dreamy mood and took out a machine like object from her bag, and
then unfolded it on the top of the table.
"What is that?"
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcAah, please don't mind this."
While saying that, Reine was using her other hand and *click* *click*ÅcÅcand
lightly operated it.
She focused intensely on the terminal, filled with curiosity but Tohka finally
managed to ignore it, and returned her sights back to Reine.
When she did that, Reine returned her eyes back to Tohka and opened her lips.
"ÅcÅcWell, I am not good at making conversation so I will get straight to the point.
Tohka, the reason you are irritated?no, it would be better if you could? can you
tell me the reason why you have been irritated and the origin of it?"
"?Kuh."
From Reine's words, Tohka unintentionally gasped.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
167 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
"Uh, I am not really?"
"ÅcÅcAs expected, you can't forgive Shin for meeting up with another woman."
Shin. A nickname only used when referring to Shidou.
"Wha, why did shidou appear right thereÅc"
"ÅcÅcOya, is it not related to him?"
"ÅcÅcÅcÅc"
Tohka placed her elbow on the table, and then scratched her head in a sign of
surrender.
And after making a big sigh, she said in a suffering voice.
"ÅcI don't understand."
"ÅcÅcDon't understand what?"
Reine tilted her head to the side as she replied. And Tohka whose face was down,
lifted her face up.
"UmuÅcÅcÅcEven I don't know myself why it turned into this kind of feeling."
She seemed to be troubled as she continued her words.
"YesterdayÅcÅcshidou, left the school and??that, kissed or whatever it's called,
that girl."
Kiss. Just that single word, caused pain around her chest area.
"ÅcÅcAah, it would seem so."
"It's not really...It isn't any of my business who shidou meets with and where, and
whoever he kisses. I am not supposed to find any faults in it. ÅcBut, the moment I
saw that, it was already?How should I put it? It was rather?yes, it was a rather bad
feeling."
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcFumu."
"When I realized what had happenedÅcÅcÅcÅcI started raising my voice. What's
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
168 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
moreÅcÅcRight after that, the rabbit said that girl was much more important to him
than meÅcÅcI was already?sad, and scared, to the extent that I couldn't do anything,
and I became unable to understand what happened at allÅcÅcÅcÅcI don't even
understand what this meansÅcÅcÅcthis is the first time this happened."
And once again she made a big sigh.
"As expectedÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcIs there something wrong with me?"
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcNo, you are not sick or anything. That is a normal and healthy response"
"I-Is that so?"
"ÅcÅcAah, it is nothing to worry about. But??it is better if we clear that
misunderstanding first."
"MisunderstandingÅc?"
"ÅcÅcAah, regarding that kiss, that was a total accident, andÅcÅcit doesn't mean that
girl is more important to Shin than Tohka."
After Reine said that, she glimpsed at the machine, as Tohka raised her face.
"Uh, re-reallyÅc?"
"ÅcÅcIt is true."
"Bu-But shidou wasÅc"
"ÅcÅcIf he doesn't think of you as someone precious to him, do you think that he
would go to the extent of putting his own life in danger just to save you?"
"??AhÅc"
After being told that, Tohka was at a loss for words.
She completely forgot about the weird and indescribable swirl of emotion that were
affecting her heart and stomach.
?Yesterday, didn't Shidou protect Tohka? Just like last month?
And what's more, in spite of knowing the chances of dying by getting shot by an
assassin.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
169 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Tohka, while pushing her hands around her chest area, swallowed her saliva.
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcÅc, I?"
I've been so stupid.
Tohka shook her throat to make a groan, and then scratched her head again.
And after that, immediately stood up from her seat.
"ÅcÅcTohka?"
"Sorry, can we postpone today's shopping to another day?"
Tohka bit her lips before letting out her voice again.
"ÅcÅcI have to, apologize to shidou."
After hitting her jaw with her hands, Reine made a small nod.
"ÅcÅcThen go."
"I am grateful."
Tohka made a short reply and left the family restaurant taking the umbrella in her
hands, she ran out into the raining town.
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcFumu. Well, that is one problem solvedÅcÅcmaybe?"
Reine muttered while being left alone, she glanced through some values from the
graph being displayed on the small terminal.
The fact that Tohka's mind and body would be disturbed by this incident was
expected.
Although she was pouting like a spoiled kidÅcÅcÅcIf Tohka, really did think badly
of Shidou, she would not have hated the girl that Shidou met up with.
Speaking in either ways, from the irritating feeling that she couldn't calm down
herself, she learned a weird and indescribable terror and uneasinessÅcÅcÅcspeaking
of which would be the closest to the truth.
Because of that, even without her mood being fixed, the thought of changing
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
170 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Tohka's consciousness itself, was not really that difficult.
Yes?but, it was better if she could realize it by herself.
That fact?Shidou protected her, and what kind of meaning that holds, and when the
time came, when she found that answer, she would know what she really felt.
"Well, jealousy is also a fine part of love."
She muttered while closing the terminal.
"ÅcÅcBut, we have to be careful. could also be, the emotion that will destroy
the world."
And then,
"??Sorry for the long wait! Here is the double cheese burger set rice with large
servings of fried chicken, fried oyster set, mix grill, margarita, and the spaghetti
bolognaise. And please be careful of the hot iron plate."
"ÅcÅcUn?"
And from the sudden appearance of the shop attendant, Tohka's high calorie meal
was lined up on top of the table.
"Please take your time and enjoy."
The attendant lowered his upper part of his body by an angle of 45 degrees like he
was used to it thus making a bow, and then left the spot.
Reine who was left alone, scratched her cheek in front of that abundant amount of
food.
"ÅcÅcÅcThis isÅcÅctroubling."
That
love
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
171 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
172 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 5
"Let's seeÅcÅcÅcÅcwe have eggs, ah, there is also chicken meat. There's some rice
left in the rice cooker tooÅcÅcÅcI guess Oyakodon[2C 2] is okay."
He roughly determined what menu to make from looking inside the fridge, and
right after taking out the needed ingredients, he took a small peek in the direction of
living room.
Over there was Yoshino who was curiously looking around things near her while
sitting on the sofa.
When Shidou returned, he immediately changed his clothes but Yoshino's dress was
still the same rabbit coat from before. Just as Kotori had said, even after getting
bathed by rain, she was not wet at all.
Same as Tohka's light dress, this was probably that AstralDress or something.
"Could you wait for a few moments. I'll be done soon. ??Ah, if you are free you
could watch the television."
"ÅcÅcÅcÅc?"
Shidou said that while peeling and chopping the spring onions, Yoshino tilted her
head in curiosity.
"Un, there is a remote control there?yes yes, now push the top left button."
Following Shidou's instruction, Yoshino pressed the remote control button.
When she did that, the television along the wall turned on, and *Wahahaha!* such a
voice echoed.
"??!"
In that instant, Yoshino's body cowered; the water accumulated in the sink rose,
turning into bullets and were shot at the television screen.
"WhaÅc?"
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
173 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
"You idiot, even though I told you not to scare her."
In his right ear, he heard Kotori's criticizing voice.
And speaking of Yoshino, she opened her eyes that was shut tight, and lowered her
head at ShidouÅ@in panic.
"N-NoÅcÅcÅcÅcDonÅft worry about it. Sorry to have scared you."
Right after Shidou made a dry smile, he resumed with his cooking.
He heated up the pot that has water measured in it, and tossed in the sliced chicken
meat and spring onions. And when it reached to a boil, he put in the beaten eggs.
And then he let it flow on top of the rice filled bowl. Finally he scattered Japanese
parsley on top of it, and it was complete.
Since he was accustomed to this sort of work, it did not even take 10 minutes for
him to finish cooking.
"Here you go, it's done. Let's hurry and fill our stomach so we can go and find
Yoshinon okay."
While talking, he held the bowls with both his hands and headed into the living
room.
He put one in front of Yoshino and right across her he placed his own portion, and
he entered the kitchen again to get a chair, some chopsticks, and a spoon just in case,
before returning to the living room.
"Now then, Itadakimasu. [2C 3]."
Shidou clapped his hands together while saying that, and Yoshino imitated that
movement then lowered her head.
Then she grabbed the spoon with her hand, took one scoop of Shidou's specialty
oyakodon, and transported it into her mouth.
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅc!"
When Yoshino did that her eyes immediately opened wide, and *slam* *slam*
starting hitting the table.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
174 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
"Un?"
But when Shidou faced toward her direction, she turned her eyes away in
embarrassment.
Afterwards, Yoshino looked like she wanted to tell him something, but instead she
made an embarrassed face and found difficulty in putting it into words, *gu* she
gave Shidou a thumbs up.
"O-OuÅcÅcÅcÅcÅc"
Shidou made a wry smile, and replied back by giving a thumbs up. It would seem
that it was to her liking.
She was probably quite hungry; Yoshino opened her small mouth with all her might,
and started munching down.
And?by estimating the moment when Yoshino would be finished her meal, Kotori
started talking.
"Do you still want to rest? I still want more information if possible from the Spirit.
Since this is a good chance, why don't you ask Yoshino how old is she?"
"A question?"
And when Shidou was asking back, Kotori immediately suggested him to ask
questions.
"ÅcÅcÅcAah, I get it."
Shidou, as he had finished his bowl he exhaled a satisfied breath and then turned his
eyes towards Yoshino.
"HeyÅcÅcÅcYoshino. There are some things I would like to know though?can I ask
you a few questions?"
Yoshino tilted her head in curiosity.
"ErrÅcyou seem to take care of it very preciously. That puppet?Yoshinon, what
kind of existence is that to youÅc?"
When Yoshino got asked that question, she timidly opened her mouth with difficulty.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
175 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
"Yoshinon, is ÅcÅcÅcÅca frieÅcnd, and alsoÅcÅcÅcÅcÅca heÅcro."
"Hero?"
When asked again, Yoshino nodded.
"Yoshinon isÅc Åcmy, idealÅc Åcyearnings ofÅc Åcmyself. Unlike meÅc Åcnot weak,
unlike meÅc Åcnot hesitantÅc Åcit's strong, and coolÅc"
"Your ideal selfÅchuh."
Shidou scratched his cheeks, and recalled back the time when he met Yoshino inside
the department store.
Well, certainly the current Yoshino compared to the Yoshino talking through the
puppet, from the tone to the attitude it was like she was a different person. But?
"IÅclike this current Yoshino better thoughÅc"
During the time when Tohka appeared, he remembered the numbers of jokes
accumulated from the puppet, he made a bitter smile.
Certainly, during that time Yoshino was talking cheerfully but?he could not bear it
anymore.
Although it was hard to hear what she was saying, though she was awkward,
Yoshino has been honestly answering his questions, and it was a good feeling.
But the moment Shidou said those words, Yoshino's face went *poof*, her face was
blushed red. She then hunched her back and used the hood to cover and hide her
face.
"Yo-YoshinoÅc? What's wrong?"
Shidou said that while was trying to peek, Yoshino lowered the hands that was
holding onto the hood and, gradually raised her face.
"ÅcÅcÅcTho, those words, becauseÅc Åcit was the first timeÅc ÅcI have been told."
"I-Is that soÅc?"
Yoshino made a deep consent.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
176 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
WellÅcoriginally she was a Spirit that has only a few chances at having a
conversation with a person. It might be because of something like that.
"Shidou, was thatÅc Åcin your calculations?"
And, over there Kotori asked such a question.
"Huh? Wha-what calculationsÅc?"
"ÅcÅcNever mind. If that's wasn't then it's okay."
"Ha-HaahÅc?"
It was his sister that said something that didn't make sense, Shidou knitted his
eyebrows.
"Don't mind it. There is not a problem for now?it just unexpected how calm you
are, I guess the results of the 'living together training' are starting to show."
"ÅcÅcI wonder."
Shidou replied vaguely. Certainly he was calm to a certain degree but, he could
differentiate whether it is from the results of the training or not.
But, he could not afford to be occupied by the other side. Shidou fixed his sights
back to Yoshino, and asked the next question.
"So??Err, Yoshino, it seems that even though you were attacked by the AST, you
rarely retaliate, what kind of reason do you have for doing that?"
When Yoshino got askedÅcÅcÅcÅcshe looked down again.
Right after she grabbed the cuffs of the inner dress with the light film composition
just like Tohka's AstralDress, she let out a voice that would sound like it would
disappear.
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcIÅcÅchate, painful things. I also hateÅcÅcscary things. Surely, those
people tooÅcÅcwhether its pain, or scary things, I think theyÅcÅcdon't want it too.
That's why, IÅcÅc"
It was such a small and faint voice, Shidou could have easily missed what the she
was trying to say.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
177 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
But because of that?from those words Shidou, felt a piercing like wave to his heart.
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcYoshinoÅcÅcÅcÅcyou, just for a reason like that?"
But, Shidou did not finish the end of his sentence.
While Yoshino's whole body was trembling, she continued talking.
"ButÅcÅcÅcit's because, IÅc Åcam, weakÅc Åcand a coward. If I am aloneÅc ÅcI am
useless. I amÅc Åcscared of being hurt, when I can't, do anythingÅc Åcthe inside of
my headÅc Åcwill go crazyÅc, that's why, I mightÅc Åcdo bad things to everyoneÅc"
Halfway through, it became a teary voice.
After sucking in her snot, she continued on.
"Thats whyÅc ÅcYoshinonÅc Åcis my, heroÅc Åcwhen Yoshinon isÅc Åcwith me,
even, if I get scaredÅc Åche would sayÅc Åcit's okay. And, thenÅc Åcit will really
turn out okay. That's whyÅc Åcthat's why."
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcKuh."
Shidou unintentionally bit his lips. He was gripping both his hands so hard, that
blood might spurt out.
If he did not do that?he could not bear it anymore.
Yoshino. This small girl was. Too kind?and too sad.
Whether it was [pain] or [scary] things it was certain that she did not like it.
Thinking of the enemy, that had targeted her countless times with hostility, bad
intentions and killing intent, and yet?still she decided not to hurt them. She chose to
do that? Such a difficult thing?
Yoshino is?weak?
Yoshino's head was shaking from her own evaluation?there is no way, she is weak.
Aah, but, that is?cruel, and awfully cruel sense of mercy.
"??"
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
178 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Without thinking Shidou stood up from his seat.
And then circled around the table and knelt down beside Yoshino?and just like that,
he gently caressed Yoshino's head.
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcÅc,eÅc,err"
"I will."
"??,ÅcÅc?"
"I will?save you."
He said that and, Yoshino stared in wonder. Without caring about it, Shidou
continued.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
179 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
180 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
"I will definitely, find Yoshinon. AndÅcÅcÅcÅchand it over to you. That is not all. I
will make Yoshinon no longer need to protect you. You no longer need to go
through those [painful] or [scary] things. I won't let them near you. I will?become,
your hero."
While patting her head through the hood, he said that sentence that was totally out of
character.
But?he did not stop there.
Because, in Yoshino's kindness, there was something important lacking.
It was only one problem which was: even if she has the mercy of a saint, that mercy
would not be shown in return to her.
If that's the reason, then there was no choice but to have it be given from the outside.
No more, about what would happen to the Spirit or what not, it was no longer
relevant to him.
To Yoshino. To this overly kind little girl, to have nothing save her, that kind of
thing, he could not forgive it.
Yes?that was what he thought.
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcÅc? ÅcÅcÅcÅcÅc?"
During that time, Yoshino's eyes were turning black and white but, after 10 seconds
passed, she opened her lips.
"ÅcÅcÅcThÅcank youÅcÅcvery mÅcuch."
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcOu."
He was a little happy when Yoshino honestly said such a thing. He made a small nod.
But, during the occasion Yoshino was letting out her voice, he accidently turned his
eyes to those cute lipsÅcÅcÅcfeeling uncomfortable Shidou averted his sights away.
"ÅcÅcÅcÅc? ShidouÅc Åc-sanÅc?"
Yoshino was tilting her head while looking at Shidou.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
181 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
"No, err, about thatÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcItÅfs about before. I'm sorry."
"EhÅcÅcÅcÅcÅc?"
"NoÅcÅcÅcÅcÅchow'd you put itÅcÅcÅcI kissed, you."
To put it in accurate terms it was not in Shidou's personality to bring up this kind of
talk butÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcit might be an important matter to a girl. He put the meaning
in the apology and said it.
But Yoshino was in a blank state and was staring in wonder; once again she tilted
her head.
It was like; she did not understand what Shidou had just said.
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcWhat is, a kiss?"
"Eh? Aah, that isÅcÅcÅcÅclips touching together, like thisÅc"
Even though Shidou explained to her, Yoshino made a face as if she did not
understand at all, and then thrust her face up directly at Shidou's face.
"IsÅcÅcÅcÅcit, likeÅcÅcÅcÅcthis?"
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcUh!"
It was a distance that, if he were to bring his face a little closer, their lips would
touch.
His heart was about to fly out in this dangerous situation but, Shidou remembered
his living together training with Tohka, and somehow succeeded in pretending to
have a calm face.
"Uh, ah, aahÅcÅcÅcÅcyes, it feels like that."
But Yoshino made a small groan, and again she said in a soft voice.
"ÅcÅcI, don't rememberÅcÅcclearly."
"ÅcÅcEh?"
Hearing that reply, Shidou frowned.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
182 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
But?at that instant.
"shidouÅc! I'm sorry, I was?"
Suddenly the door opened and Tohka who left the house early in the morning, while
she was breathing hard on her shoulders, entered the living room.
And then, she saw Shidou and Yoshino's figure facing each other and would be
kissing any at moment, *piki*, and her body stiffened up.
"EhÅcÅc?"
Right after, Shidou made an absentminded face.
"To?Too, To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-To-TohkaÅcÅcÅc!"
On his face, sweat gushed out.
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcHiÅcÅc"
Yoshino probably felt something strange; she turned backwards, and leaked a soft
voice.
But it might be something that cannot be helped. To Yoshino, Tohka should be the
scary opponent that took her puppet away from her?and on top of that, Tohka who
was quietly lingering around the living room entrance, a difficult to explain
pressure was leaking out from her.
Incidentally from just now, a loud noise was coming out from the buzzer on his
right ear indicating it is an emergency situation.
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅc"
While being silent, Tohka made an awfully gentle smile, and just like that she slowly
entered the living room.
-*Twitch*, such a feeling was transmitted to her hands. It would also seem that
Yoshino's body was trembling.
"To-Tohka, this isÅcÅc"
It was like his mental state turned into that of a man who got caught having an affair
at the scene of the crime, Shidou hastily moved his hands.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
183 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
But Tohka passed through the both of them, leaving the living room and headed
straight into the kitchen, she then took out all the food and drinks from the
refrigerator and shelves, and just like that she exited to the corridor.
From the door, *dadadadada* such footsteps could be heard?and the moment he
thought it reached the second floor, this time *BAM*, the sound of the door being
slammed could be heard.
ÅcÅcÅcÅcLooks like, she plans on shutting herself inside again.
And what's more, this time it's a siege with a sufficient supply of food in stock.
"Er,errrÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅc"
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcIt turned into something annoying."
From his right ear, he heard a voice mixed with a sigh.
"Wh-What should I do nowÅcÅc?"
"For the time being, you can only leave her alone for now. Even if Shidou were to
try and talk to her now, it'll only cause a reverse effect anyway."
"I-Is that soÅcÅc"
He said that, and takes a glimpse at Yoshino that was sitting beside him.
But, wondering when it happened, Yoshino's figure that was supposed to be on top
of the sofa suddenly disappeared.
"AreÅcÅc? Yoshino?"
"??It looks like, she got [Lost] to the other world when Tohka's was approaching
her. Having her puppet being taken away, must have been quite a traumatic
experience to her."
"ÅcI see."
Fuu, he exhaled a good breathe?and frowned because of a bad feeling.
It would seem that Yoshino remembered Tohka taking her puppet away.
Despite thatÅcÅcshe said she could not remember the kiss with Shidou.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
184 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
No, even yesterday she was definitely also in a state that she doesn't mind it; it might
be perhaps that she holds no special emotion towards the act of kissing. Spirits have
different knowledge and sense of values depending on what the matter is, there
might be a possibility that it is like that.
But?in Yoshino's reaction there was, a little sense of discomfort.
Shidou touched his mouth, while moving his lips.
"Hey, KotoriÅcÅcthere is something that I am worried about. Can you investigate it
for me?"
"What?"
Shidou, told her the questions that was floating in his mind.
"FuunÅcÅcI understand, I will send Reine to investigate it when she gets back."
"Ou, I'm counting on you."
And, when Shidou said that, Kotori continued on as if she remembered something.
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcAah, yes yes, although I missed the chance to say this because of Shidou's
interruption but we have some good news."
"Ah?"
"From the investigation we got from the images, we have confirmed the
whereabouts of the puppet."
"Really?! Where is it now?"
"That is?"
When Kotori told him the location, ShidouÅfs cheeks twitched.
"UÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcugah!"
In the room in the deepest part of the second floor where Tohka rushed in, while
eating the food that was within armÅfs reach that she brought in moments ago, she
raised those shouts. Well from others perspective, it was a stressful way of eating.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
185 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
"What is thisÅcÅcÅcWhat is this MOUÅcÅcÅcÅcÅc! Gu, muguuuuÅcÅcÅcÅcÅc.!"
When Tohka was absent from home, Shidou invited the little girl from a few days
ago in.
As an event that was the only thing that happened, there was no factor for making
Tohka angry at all.
Shidou is Tohka's good friend. And that friend brought a new friend back.
It was no mistake that Tohka's correct method of interaction was supposed to be
reconciling with Shidou and apologize for what happened a few days ago, after that
[Welcome, and sorry about what happened before], while saying that and taking the
little girl's hands.
But?she could not do it.
The moment she saw Shidou and the girl alone in the room, the so called [bad
feeling] rushed through her whole body, and it became impossible for her to be in
that area.
"UuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅc!"
Tohka devastated through the food one by one, and squatted down on the spot.
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcshidou?"
?I want to apologize, to shidou. I want to reconcile? with shidou.
Those feelings were not a lie.
ButÅcÅcÅcbecause the [bad feeling] was swirling inside her chest, she could not do
it.
While being in the posture of sitting on the floor while grasping her knees, Tohka
moaned in pain.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
186 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
187 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Chapter 4 - Multiple requests at
Tobiichi's House
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
188 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
189 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 1
"We are meetingÅchere right?"
Shidou was holding a paper bag filled with pastries in his left hand, while in the
right a map drawn on some memo paper. Right after making a gloomy sigh, he
looked up at the high-rise apartment.
To calm down his nervousness he patted his chest, [This is work, it's inevitable] and
took a deep breath.
ÅcBut, nevertheless.
"Why is it that I have to do something like a robberÅc?"
"There is not much of a choice. Shidou is the only person that can get invited into
the Tobiichi's residence."
When Shidou complained, from the intercam equipped on his right ear, he heard
Kotori's voice.
Yes?right now Shidou has arrived at Origami Tobiichi's house which is an
apartment.
From the carefully investigated images taken at that time, when Yoshino went Lost
?we found out that when Origami was returning to base, she picked up the puppet
and brought it back with her.
The only way to reclaim it was to: "Hey Tobiichi, is it okay if I come over to your
house to play?"
He asked her this a few days ago and thus he was invited to her house.
"ÅcSpeaking of which, from the beginning is there even a need for me to be invited
here? If it's something like retrieving one puppet, it should be easy for [Ratatoskr]
to?"
"ÅcWe tried, specially."
"Eh?"
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
190 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
From the sigh mixed words, Shidou tilted his head.
"I'm saying that even though we tried infiltrating 3 times a few days ago, all of it
was a failure?In the room there were infra-red lasers set up, tear gas that sprays
out, even sentry guns were installed in important parts of the roomÅcÅc6 members
of our mechanics division got sent to the hospital. Seriously, what on earth is that
girl fighting with?"
"Ha-HaaÅc"
"There is the possibility of retrieving it by forcefully entering and using brute force
but?if we have the privilege of getting an invitation...Then isn't that a better
choice?"
"ÅcI understand."
To Shidou who is a normal timid person, it was a really reluctant kind of work to do
butÅc When he saw the uneasiness on Yoshino, he could no longer say anything.
And what's more?to Shidou himself, there was something that he wanted to discuss
with Origami.
And, there was one more thing that was bothering Shidou?Shidou asked Kotori a
question.
"Speaking of whichÅcHow is Tohka doing?"
"It's the same as usual. She is locked up in her room."
"ÅcI see."
Shidou scratched his cheek troubled.
A few days ago, right after she saw Yoshino invited to his house, Tohka's condition
still remained strange.
No, it does not mean that she had continued locking herself up in her room like last
time; she goes to school properly but somehow he felt like she was avoiding him
for some reason.
And after he asked the question, he pulled himself together.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
191 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
That was a problem that could cause a stomach ache but this is more important right
now.
"?Okay."
Shidou resolved himself, and facing the apartment door he stepped forward.
The automatic door opened, and to the machine installed near the entrance, he typed
in Origami's house number.
When he did that, he immediately heard Origami's voice.
"Identify."
"A-AhÅcit's me, Itsuka Shidou."
"Enter."
As soon as she said that, the automatic door of the inside entrance opened.
Shidou, while remaining hesitant entered the apartment, and rode the elevator 6
floors up, just like that he reached the designated room number.
"ÅcWell then, according to the plan."
"Okay, leave it to me."
He said that, and Kotori replied back with those words.
Right now, flying around near Shidou was [Ratatoskr]'s controlled super smallsized
camera that was the size of a bug.
The plan was?while Shidou was getting Origami's attention, the camera would go
around performing the search.
"ÅcFuu."
And after taking a deep breath once more, he rang the doorbell.
When he did that, immediately?as if Origami was waiting in front of the door, the
door opened.
"H-Hey Tobiichi. Sorry about making such a unreasonable request?"
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
192 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Shidou lightly raised his hand to give a greeting?and froze. *splat* He dropped the
bag filled with pastries that he carried in his left hand. The silence that followed was
as if the staff was now unable to enjoy a delicious cake which he has planned earlier.
The reason was simple?Origami's attire was...
It's true that this was Tobiichi's house. It is her freedom to wear what she wants. It
was not something that Shidou should be complaining about.
But that was just?beyond expectations.
A dark blue one piece with a frilled apron attached to it. And on her head a cute head
dress.
Yes, right now she was from head to toe, in complete maid style costume.
The number 1 genius of his high school, of all things. That permafrost, Miss
Tobiichi Cocytus Origami.
"E-ErrrÅcÅcT.o.b.i.i.c.h.i.-s.a.nÅc?"
"Yes?"
Gems of sweat were forming on Shidou's face while he let out his voice, but
Origami just tilted her head a little. Her expression as always, was expressionless
like a doll.
That was the state that Origami was in.
Truthfully speaking "I am Origami's twin sister, the cosplay loving Irogami-chan!"
In such a scenario, Shidou entrusted his hope to this fleeting scenario but his hope
was completely smashed.
"N-NoÅcwhat kind of attire is that...you?"
Origami, lowered her eyes down onto her own attire curiously and after that, tilted
her head once again.
"You don't like it?"
"NoÅcÅcIt's not about thatÅcÅc"
Instead of hating it, it's more like he wants more of it but it would be embarrassing
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
193 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
to put that into words.
ÅcÅcSomehow, he couldn't look straight anymore. While Shidou's face was red, his
eyes wandered around trying to avoid looking at her.
"Enter."
Without showing any sign of caring, Origami invited Shidou inside the room.
"So-Sorry to bother youÅc"
Shidou picked up the paper bag that fell on the floor, and closed the door with his
slightly trembling fingers grabbing onto the knob.
"ÅcÅc?"
And, Shidou frowned. Suddenly from the intercam, static-noise echoed.
As if to ask Kotori what was wrong, he poked the intercam. When he did that, he
heard a little of Kotori's voice mixed in with the static.
"KuÅcÅcÅcuh, Don't tell me???jamming??Shi?, Can't??conne??,
somehow??"
He heard it until there and then, *snap*, that sound interrupted, and he no longer
could hear anything from it.
"ÅcÅc!? O-OiÅc"
"What's wrong?"
When he was asking the intercam, Origami who was in front of him turned back.
"AhÅcN-NoÅcIt's nothing."
"I see."
Origami turned back to the direction that she was facing, and he made a big sigh.
He does not know the reason but it seems that transmissions aren't getting through
here. If that is the case, then the camera might also be out of service too.
NoÅceven if by chance the camera was still functional. The situation was still the
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
194 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
same since they couldn't send any information back to Shidou.
The point is?right now he has no choice but to successfully clear this mission all
on his own.
"ÅcOi oi, are you serious?"
After Shidou grumbled in a volume that Origami couldn't hear, he scratched his
forelocks.
But even if he was to state his displeasure, nothing would change. To confirm his
determination Shidou swallowed down his saliva and chased after Origami.
And then, Origami pressed on, and entered the living room.
"ÅcUn? This smell isÅc"
And, the moment he entered the living room, he smelled a floating sweet aroma.
Although, it does not feel like it is the smell of food. To put it another way, this is?
"Tobiichi? Are you using incense?"
"Yes."
"He, heeeÅcÅcÅc"
How do you put it, it was a little unexpected. It might be a self-created image but,
Tobiichi Origami didn't seem to be the type to be interested in these sorts of things
or pleasures.
He felt he saw a side of her that she hadn't shown to her other classmates before, it
was a little embarrassing.
ÅcBut, wondering why.
This aroma, when he sniffed some of it, his head went a little blank, it was like if
you were to lose focus, your whole consciousness would be blown awayÅcÅcwell, it
was a product that was highly effective for creating a relaxing mood.
"Have a seat."
"Ah, aahÅc"
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
195 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
After being told that, he sat down in front of the coffee table that was placed in the
middle of the living room.
"ÅcÅc"
And then, after seeing Shidou sit down, Origami also lowered her hips to settle
down.
Right beside Shidou.
"EhÅc?"
Normally, he thought that she was supposed to sit opposite of him but in the
Tobiichi house this might be a normal thing.
Seeing Origami's refreshing face, he started wondering if his common sense was
correct or wrong, Shidou started being a little uncertain of it.
"ErrÅc"
"ÅcÅc"
"About thatÅc"
"ÅcÅcÅc"
After a few moment. Shidou nodded in agreement.
?Yes, I see. As expected, to the Tobiichi family this position is the standard one.
There was no sweat flowing down his cheeks. That is because this is a normal thing
to do.
But as expected it immediately started to get awkward, feeling that he should be the
one to start a conversation, Shidou opened his lips.
"To-Tobiichi?"
"Yes?"
"No, it's just a simple questionÅcÅcTobiichi, you are living here alone?"
Origami, made a small consent.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
196 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
"ÅcI-I see."
It might beÅcÅcwas as he had thought but when it was made clear that, the fact that he
was intruding into a girl's house, one in which lives alone, his heart beat started to
get violent.
"Wh-When did you start living alone?"
When Shidou asked her, as if complementing she continued adding on.
"Right after my parents died 5 years ago, I lived with my grandmother for a while
but around the time I entered high school, I transferred here alone."
"Living alone starting from high school huhÅcÅcisn't it a problem?"
"That does not seem to be the case."
She said that with minimum use of her facial muscles, and was continuously staring
at Shidou's face. And as you know, the distance was very close.
ÅcIt was somehow, although they were only having a conversation but there was a
strange atmosphere developing.
Shidou tried to hide his embarrassment from her; he scratched the back of his head
exaggeratedly.
"No, haha,haÅcbut as I thought I really do think you are amazing. Sooner or later I
will probably start living alone too but somehow, if I'm alone whether it's food or
cleaning it'll be a problem."
"No problem."
"Eh?"
To the Origami who plainly declared that, he turned his face to her in wonder.
"I will do it."
Shidou's body froze up in an instant.
"UhÅc!? ErrrÅcthat meansÅc"
However, faster than Shidou talking, Origami stood up from her spot.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
197 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
"Eh?..."
"Wait here."
And just like that even without the sound of footsteps, she walked into the kitchen.
It would seem that she went to the kitchen to get the tea ready.
Shidou was blankly staring at Origami's back who was standing in the kitchenÅcÅc
and immediately swung his neck sideways.
"ÅcOh yeah, the puppet isÅc"
He made a soft mutter, and sent his sights around the room's interior.
The completed set of light-colored simple furniture was beautifully arranged inside
the room.
Instead of it being girly-like, he could not feel the presence of this room being used
in daily life. It was like the interior design of a model house.
"ÅcUn."
From the quick survey, he could not see any puppet like objects.
Objects itself are limited here but the house structure space was large, it was going
to be a problem finding it.
And what's more, it was a problem on how to deceive Origami's eyes. As expected,
it would be necessary to start searching properly when Origami takes the tray away.
No, it should be the opposite; Shidou would pretend to take the tray away and then?
And like that, Origami returned carrying a tray that had a pair of saucers and
teacups with sugar and milk.
While being silent, she arranged all of it on the table.
"By all means."
Saying that, while approaching Shidou and once again she lowered her hips to settle
down beside himÅcÅche wondered why, compared to just now the distance was
much closer this time.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
198 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
"Ah-Aah. Thank you."
The smell was different from the incense, a faint scent of Origami's shampoo
drifted into his nasal cavity.
After wiping off the sweat that was naturally spewing out using his sleeves, he
extended his hands to the teacup.
"ÅcÅc!?"
But, just before he touched the cup, he frowned his eyebrows instinctively.
The contents of teacups between Origami and Shidou, were clearly different.
From looking at Origami's tea, it was clear, transparent and reddish brown.
And the other one which belonged to Shidou, he could not understand what was at
the bottom of the cup until he faltered; it was a mud like liquid.
He thought it was coffee for an instant butÅcit was wrong.
To try and identify what this liquid was, he lowered his face towards it, the moment
he got close, a strong irritating smell equivalent to that of biological weapons or
nuclear waste, performed a raid inside Shidou's nasal cavity.
"??Enfrt!?"
Instinctively, his body bent backwards like a bow.
"What's wrong?"
"Wh-What's wrongÅcwhat on earth is this!?"
"Tea, from overseas."
"Tha-That's quite a special countryÅc"
Shidou frowned while pinching his nose and peeked at the cup again. Shidou's
animal instinct was stubbornly telling him to refuse drinking it? It might be that, if
he were to drink this he would be recognized as an adult, it might be that kind of
thing.
"AhÅcTobiichi? I feel bad for having you prepare something so precious. I, might
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
199 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
be weak against this?"
But, with Shidou restraining himself, Origami advanced the teacup further towards
Shidou.
"NoÅcÅcTobiichi?"
"By all means."
"No, It's not by all meansÅc"
"By all means."
"Err, about this"
"By all means."
"ÅcÅcÅcItadakimasu."[2D 1]
Somehow, he felt like he hated his own character. In the end without turning it down,
Shidou faced towards the cup again.
"ÅcÅc"
But, as expected if he were to just drink like this it would feel awkward.
Even if it was a just little, Shidou wanted to make the taste milder. He took the milk
that was placed on the table with his other hand, and poured it into the cup filled with
that liquid.
ÅcSpeaking of the result, it did not dissolve into it.
It was completely separated and the milk was floating on the tea's surface?it was
like an ocean that has heavy oil poured onto it. On the contrary, he felt that the
current situation was getting worse.
"ÅcEei, I don't care anymore!"
When Shidou made up his mind, he held up the cup, and let the liquid flow into the
depths of his throat.
"??ObufuuuÅc!?"
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
200 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
He did not lose to the odor but the stimulating taste was violating Shidou's taste
buds.
There might be a chance that he will never put this into his mouth but he felt that if
he were to drink hydrochloric acid the taste might be the same, it was that kind of
taste he was feeling now. It was not bitter or spicy, it just hurt.
"WaÅcÅc, WaterÅc!"
But, there was no water in his arms reach.
"ÅcÅc!"
Shidou immediately, breaking the packaging of the box of cakes he had brought
over, and then shoved in the broken human shaped cookies from [Tenguu excellent
cakes], into his mouth.
A gentle sweetness was spreading through inside his mouth. ÅcShidou lost all his
energy and fell on his back, and finally took a breath.
"HaaÅc, haaÅc"
And?
"ÅcAh?"
Shidou pressed his chest.
For some reason, his body was strangely hot; it felt like his body was burning. ÅcHe
was wondering if today's temperature was high.
In addition to that.
"ÅcÅc"
For some reason Origami, placed her hands beside Shidou's face which was now
facing upwards because of him falling over. Her body sat over his stomach area?
she had taken a mount position.
"ÅcÅc!? Tobiichi!?"
"Yes?"
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
201 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
It was as if Shidou was the one who was saying weird things, she replied back in a
cool and calm manner.
"N-No, what are youÅc"
"I can't?"
"I-I think youÅccan't."
While Shidou was restraining his head from almost being embraced, he somehow
made those words.
Whether it was Origami's moderate weight, the smell that only girls have, the soft
touch, or the rustling of the maid clothing, this was bad even if you didn't mix all of
that together. If he were to relax even a bit, it felt like she would activate a Trap Card
on him. [2D 2]
"I see."
When Origami said that, she blinked her eyes.
"Then, make a trade."
"Huh...?"
"In return for me stepping aside, I have only one request. I want you to swallow it
unconditionally."
"Wha-What is itÅc?"
Right after he swallowed his saliva down, he asked.
When he did that Origami, after unusually taking some time hesitating, she let out a
soft voice.
"You, call Yatogami Tohka with Tohka."
"HehÅc? AahÅcye-yeah you're right."
Shidou made a small nod. It was certainly true.
No, because the name [Tohka] was originally given to her by Shidou, it was a
normal thing to do. The talk of forging a surname in the family register for her was
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
202 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Reine's doing.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
203 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
204 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
"But you call me, by using Tobiichi."
"Ah,aahÅcÅc"
"This is quite unfair."
With that said, *pui* Origami turned her face away.
"EhÅcÅc? No, errÅc"
Shidou weighed Origami's intention but question marks were floating in his head.
"So this meansÅc? Should I call Tohka with Yatogami from now on? Somehow I
can't get used to thatÅc"
"ÅcÅcÅc"
Origami without saying anything, tightened the mount, increasing the weight on his
stomach.
It was around the weight of a normal girl. It was not that heavy.
But still, the question was not about that. Because of the feeling of steam almost
erupting out of his ears, Shidou attacked.
"ThenÅcThen what are you telling me to doÅc!?"
When Origami relaxed the mount back to normal, while turning her face away a
little, she let out her words.
"I want you, to call me Origami."
"ErrÅcÅc"
"You can't?"
Origami said that to him.
Although it was the usual vocal sound without any accent but?just a little, he felt
that she was holding in an insecure echo in her voice.
"NoÅcit is not that I can'tÅcÅcI think."
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
205 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
"I see."
"ÅcÅcÅc"
"ÅcÅcÅc"
And again for a while, silence was flowing by.
This was expected, even Shidou understood that. ÅcAfter clearing his throat with a
cough, he shook his throat.
"ErrrrÅcÅcÅcO-Origami."
"ÅcÅcÅc"
When Shidou called her that, Origami raised her hips from Shidou's stomach
without saying anything, and then stood up on the spot.
And then while being expressionless, *hop*, she hopped.
"HehÅc?"
Because of the surreal scenery, Shidou who had also gotten up, stared at her in
wonder.
But Origami was not in the attitude to be caring about that; she opened her lips a
little.
"?Shidou."
"ÅcÅc!"
Speaking of which, this might be the first time Origami called him that. ÅcIt felt like
usually it would be [Itsuka Shidou], he would be called in his full name.
"O,Ou."
Somehow he felt something itching him while replying back to her, and after that
Origami *hop* hopped once again, and of course her facial muscles did not move
an inch.
ÅcÅcIt might be that, she was in delight.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
206 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
After being immersed in the aftertaste, a few seconds passed and Origami cast her
eyes down and she took a deep breath.
And then?
"Please wait."
For some reason she suddenly said that, and turned back.
"O-Oi, Tobi?"
"ÅcÅcÅc"
"ÅcOrigami, where are you going?"
"Shower."
Origami, turned to Shidou and made a small glimpse, and said only that word
before leaving the living room.
"HuhÅc?"
Shidou who was left alone in the living room, after being dumbfounded for a while,
he finally understood the situation, [hafuu] and he took a deep breath. Just like that,
he once again fell on his back.
"Ah?"
He placed his hands on his chest.
His heart was beating at an unbelievable rate.
But, he can't keep on doing that. Right after a few seconds, he immediately woke his
body up.
"Oh yeaÅcÅc! Isn't this a good chance to find the puppet?"
Because of the continuous amount of stimulating experiences he had, he had almost
forgotten about today's goal, to find the puppet.
This was the anticipated opening?a once in a life time chance.
"But why did sheÅcÅcsuddenly have to take a shower?"
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
207 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
He twisted his neck, did she get sweaty or something?
ÅcÅcBut really isn't she a little bit too defenseless? If Shidou had more courage,
there might be a chance that he might go and peek in the bathroom. The behavior
just now was also the same but, he felt that Origami did not pay much attention to
these sorts of things.
"ÅcÅcWell, it does not change the fact that I got saved."
Shidou stood up straight and he began to carefully examine the living room much
more thoroughly compared to the earlier quick survey.
"The places in plain sight where it could be easily seenÅcÅcnope."
He mumbled, and while hiding his footsteps, he also checked the middle of the
shelves.
In reality, it might be more effective if he searched for it by scattering all of the
objects from the inside, like a burglar's household search, butÅcÅcobviously he
can't do such a thing here.
The absolute objective this time was to recover Yoshino's puppet, but it was also to
not let Origami sense what he was up to as much as possible.
"ÅcSomehow, it is hard to investigate since I have to rearrange everything back to
how it wasÅc"
Because all of the insides of the drawer's space had been meticulously arranged, if
the arrangement was off even a little she would discover it immediately.
But, if he were to always take that into consideration nothing could be
accomplished. While rearranging it back to its normal place as best he could, he
continued with his search.
"Looks like it's not inside the living roomÅcwhich meansÅc"
Shidou brought his eyes to the kitchen which was separated by the dining table.
He thought that the probability of it being there was low but the chances of the
puppet being used as an oven glove wasn't zero. It might be a good idea to have a
quick look just in case.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
208 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
"Let's seeÅc?"
When he arrived in the kitchen, he searched systematically starting from the
cupboard to under the sink, he checked it all.
"UnÅcthis is?"
And, Shidou's eyebrows twitched.
In the rubbish bin located at the deepest part of the kitchen, he spotted several small
empty bottles in it.
"What the heck is thisÅc?"
He tilted his head, and used his hands to pick them up.
"Certain-kill Red viper."
"Large unequaled black nose-goblin."
"Soft shell turtle gourd 1000."
"The Great Mana."
Etc, etc, etcÅc
It was a lineup of useless high grade energy drinks, that costs don't know how many
thousand yen.
No matter how you would look at it, these aren't the type of goods that a high school
girl should be taking as a nutrition substitutes.
Shidou scratched his cheek.
ÅcWell, most probably it is something impossible but, he was thinking that, if this
was all poured inside a pot and boiled, it might produce a liquid with an extremely
strong taste.
Incidentally, if it was given to a man to drink, not only would his whole body turn
shining gold and immediately turn into hyper mode, a certain part of his lower area
would probably turn red from the heat produced.
"We-Well, it is a violation of privacy to pry into other peoples tastes."
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
209 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Well, conducting a house-search inside a girls house itself, was a very high ranking
intrusion of privacy, so Shidou does not sound convincing at all even if he were to
say anything.
"As expected, it is not in the kitchen. So the next place would be?"
Shidou returned the medicine drink bottles back into the rubbish bin, and started
walking, while he was focusing his attention at the living room entrance.
He was certain that in the corridor, where he entered the house but just before the
living room was a door; the only door to the left.
It had now been over 15 minutes since Origami had gone to the shower room.
Feeling a need to increase his pace, Shidou hurried to the corridor.
And walked to the last door without stopping?
"ÅcUh."
Reaching halfway, he stopped his legs.
Just right in front of the last door, there was a door connected to the bathroom door,
and he heard the sound of water dropping from the shower coming from there.
His heart beat that had dropped a little, suddenly spiked again.
"ÅcCalm down, calm down."
For the time being he wrote the word [human] on his palm three times and
swallowed it, he tried imagining Origami having a potato head, and he also tried
counting prime numbers to calm himself down.
ÅcÅcHonestly speaking, he was really not that calm.
For some reason today, the Berserker inside of Shidou's head was running wild.
Seriously what was the reason? It was like the stimulation of having drunk many
types of high vigor medicines.
If he were to continue and stay here, there might be a chance that he might do
something crazy.
Shidou impatiently placed his hands on the last door and flung the door open.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
210 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
"ÅcÅcÅcThis is theÅcbedroom."
In the space of six tatami mats, the bed and clothes closets were arranged.
"ÅcÅcÅcUnn?"
And, immediately after entering the room, Shidou made a doubtful voice as he
narrowed his eyes.
ÅcSomehow, he felt that there was something out of place.
The room is smallÅc? No, this is?
"ÅcThat girl sleeps in quite a huge bed."
Yes. For some reason the bed was double sized. Thanks to that, the room looks
strangely small.
And mysteriously, compared to the other furniture this bed was oddly new. New as
in, it seemed that it was a product that had only been removed from its packaging
only in the last few days.
"Did she buy a new one recentlyÅc? No, but stillÅc"
While saying that he moved to the bed's pillow side?and then twist his head again.
It could be compared to a hotel's bed maker, on top of the tightly beautiful sheets,
there were two pillows arranged side by side.
And what's more, on the pillow cover a message [No problem], was embroidered
on it.
"ÅcÅcÅc"
He flipped it to the back.
On the back [I don't mind] was written there.
There was no room for option.
"ÅcÅcÅc"
After a silence that was longer than before.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
211 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
"We-Well thenÅcÅcÅcwhere is the puppetÅc"
Since he didn't understand it no matter how much he thought about it?eventually
Shidou, stopped thinking about it.
And?over there.
"Ah."
Shidou that has his face looking up let out a small sound.
On top of the tall wardrobe located at the side of the room, a slightly recognizable
silhouette was being enshrined there.
A rabbit shaped puppet that had been given a comical design?without a mistake,
that belongs to Yoshino.
"So you are in such a place huhÅc"
Like this, he was able to save Yoshino now. In Shidou's side, he took a breather.
But, the moment Shidou took a step towards the wardrobe's direction, at that time.
"ÅcÅcÅc"
From outside the bedroom, *kachin*, he heard such a sound.
It was not the sound of a normal door. That is most likely, the sound of the shower
room being opened.
It would seem, that Origami finished her showering.
"This is badÅcÅc"
Shidou quickly grabbed the puppet on top the wardrobe, and forcibly stuffed it into
his pocket; he then killed the sound of his footsteps and returned back to the living
room.
It was in hair's breadth. He made it just in time. Shidou took a small unwinding
breath.
The only thing left after this was to hold onto this, and safely retreat.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
212 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
ÅcThe degree of difficulty on the last thing left to doÅc Åche felt that it would be
high if he does it, and hoped that it was only his imagination.
"AhÅcÅcÅcOh yeah."
Suddenly, he let out his voice which sounded like an internal monologue.
The most important goal for visiting the Tobiichi house, he managed to achieve it.
But Shidou, has one more private objective for himself.
It has been Origami pace when he was invited into the house, and he was not able to
pull the strings of the conversation butÅcÅcÅcthere might be no other chance than
this.
Once more?he wanted to try having a talk with Origami.
Regarding the Spirits.
And, like that, and as if to suspend Shidou's thinking, he opened the living room
door. It would seem that Origami returned.
Shidou *gulp* drank his saliva, while letting out his voice he was faced towards her
direction.
"H-Hey Origami. There is something I want to ask you about?"
But.
"IÅcÅcÅcÅcUh!?"
Shidou placed his eyes on Origami, and stopped at her body.
The state of Origami that was inside the living room was, not the maid outfit from
just now?She was now naked and was covered with a bath towel.
What's more, since she has just bathed in water, the towel was gracefully clinging to
her, because of that her body line rose up to the surface. A very alluring beauty was
in the air.
"Wha, whawhawhaÅcÅcÅc"
No matter how much this is her own house, it was visiting time, and in the time
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
213 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
while having a male which is in the same generation as her in her house, as one
would expect, her appearance is too abnormal.
"What?"
But when Origami said it like it was extremely normal, she tilted her head a little as
if wondering why Shidou froze up.
"ÅcÅcAh, aah, did you forget your change of clothes? Ah, hahahahaÅcÅcÅcyou're
quite clumsy huh."
When Shidou made a dry laugh, like a machine that has not been oiled, he faced
towards the direction of the day after tomorrow.
"ÅcÅcÅc"
What's more, while being silent Origami approached Shidou without making any
sound of footsteps?like the same as just now, she folded her knees to the part he is
breathing, and he then felt a warm temperature there on that area.
"?!?"
Shidou got shocked and twitched his shoulders; he then took some distance away
from Origami by jumping.
"ÅcÅc?"
Origami tilted her head in wonder.
"What's wrong?"
"WhaÅc, what's wrongÅc"
While she was saying that, Origami steadily filled in the gap in distance.
Shidou desperately enclosed himself with thoughts?and immediately released his
voice.
"O-Origami! Err? th,there is something that I wanted to ask you!"
Origami, stopped in her tracks.
"What?"
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
214 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
"AhÅcÅcaah, errÅcÅcÅcÅc"
To confirm something, Shidou poked the intercam.
There was?no sound, could be heard. The communication was, completely being
cut off.
If it is now, no matter what he says, it would not be transmitted to Kotori and the
others.
After strengthening his resolve, Shidou opened his mouth.
"ErrÅcÅcÅcOrigami. You? hate, the SpiritsÅcÅcÅcright?"
"ÅcÅcÅc"
The moment Shidou said those words; he felt that Origami's mood changed.
She tilted her head a little, as if she doubted Shidou for bringing up that topic.
"Why?"
Origami looked directly at Shidou's eyes and asked.
This was only natural. Since honestly speaking, it did not make sense. If he was not
able to communicate with <Fraxinus> then, she would definitely avoid leaking any
unwanted information; she was probably scolded that she has been stirring up
unwanted suspicions.
But Shidou, could not bear to not ask any longer.
To Origami. Because of the Spirits she lost her parents?and was now, bearing her
fangs at the Spirits.
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcNo, err? about that. E-Even among the Spirits, there are good
peopleÅcÅcÅcsuch a thing."
"Impossible."
Without even thinking, it was immediately cut down.
"Even by just appearing the Spirit would break the world. Just by [Being here] they
destroy the world. That is evil. That is a disaster. They are the enemy of all living
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
215 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
things."
"ThÅcÅcThat kind of way saying that is?"
"?I, will never forget."
Shidou's sentence was interrupted midway.
Her expression, and her voice tone, has not changed even one bit butÅcÅcÅche
wondered why, he felt a cold intimidating air from her.
"5 years ago, the Spirit that took away my parents."
"5 yearsÅcÅc.ago?"
When Shidou made a dumbfounded voice, Origami made a small nod and
continued.
"5 years ago,a large-scaled fire occurred at the Tenguu City Nankou town."
"EhÅc?"
Shidou raised his eyebrows. Shidou used to live there too before.
Because of the fire his house got burned down, and the current house now is from
after he moved.
"The matter was officially covered up but...that fire was?started by a Spirit."
"WhaÅcÅc?"
Shidou opened his eyes wide in shock.
"It was a Spirit that has pure red blazing flames covering her. I? lost everything to
that Spirit. I definitely will not forgive her. I will not let any more people feel the
same way as I did before."
Although it was soft but, she said it in a voice that made him think it was filled with
firm determination, Origami clenched her fist tightly.
"And, of course?Yatogami Tohka is not an exception."
"EhÅc?"
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
216 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Because of Tohka's name suddenly appeared in the conversation, Shidou stared into
wonder.
"Right now she is...not confirmed as a Spirit. But, I cannot pardon her existence."
"ÅcÅcÅcBu-But, if the Tohka now does not cause any spacequakes, she won't go on a
rampage. If that happens then?she is no different than a normal girl right?"
But, without showing a single speck of hesitation or indecision Origami swung her
head sideways.
"It is true that her Spirit readings have vanished. But, because the reason is still
unclear, it is normal to be ready for the worst case scenario."
"ÅcÅcÅcTha-That is?"
Shidou became hesitant.
The point that Origami said was right. That's because, she does not know that
Tohka's powers had been sealed by Shidou's ability.
"ButÅcÅceven if the spacequakes do occur, it isn't their will to make it happen right!?
Despite that?"
"??"
When Shidou said it like that, Origami tilted her head in curiosity.
"How...do you know that?"
"ÅcÅcÅcUh, no, that is?"
He said too much. Shidou was finding some evasive answers while his sights were
swimming around.
But, Origami continued on using a monotonous voice.
"Since this is a good chance, there is also something that I wanted to ask you."
"Wha-What is itÅcÅc?"
"On the 21th of April. I saw you when I was in the middle of an operation."
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
217 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
"ÅcÅcUh."
When she said that date, Shidou's back froze.
That date was?the day when Tohka came over to this world silently.
This means?it was on that, day that Tohka got her powers sealed by the kiss from
Shidou.
"What kind of person are you?"
While she was staring at Shidou with peaceful eyes, Origami said that.
"No, errr, about thatÅc"
He can't leak information about [Ratatoskr]. Shidou became flustered?
"ÅcÅcÅc"
But, he bit his lower lips and breathed to calm himself down.
"ÅcTobiichi. You might not believe this but?even if it's a little, could you listen to
what I have to say?"
Without a speck of hesitation, Origami lowered her head forward.
"UnÅcÅcerr, that. Although I can't say it specificallyÅcÅcin reality, I have met with
Spirits plenty of times, and I have talked to them? Not only TohkaÅcÅcÅcYoshino
too."
"Yoshino?"
"Aah? it's the Spirit that you call the [Hermit]."
Although Origami's expression did not move at all, the moment Shidou said that,
*breathe*, it felt that her usual breathing got a little faster.
"That is very dangerous. You should stop it."
With a voice that has no accent, she warned him.
But Shidou swung his head sideways.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
218 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
"?Tobiichi. You, have you even once tried talking to YoshinoÅcÅc? No?probably
not. Since you don't even know her name."
He turned his whole body towards Origami, and continued.
"I beg you. Even if it's little, even if it is a little it's okay. If Yoshino appears from the
other world this time, try talking to her? Just like what you said, there might be
evil Spirits out there. But, Tohka and Yoshino? I don't know how am I going to put
this into words butÅcthey are really...good peopleÅc! Those girls are really kind,
they are so kind that it is rare to find them even in human societyÅcÅc!"
"ÅcÅcÅc"
Without saying anything, Origami was staring at Shidou in a very calm state.
It was quiet. But he could not feel that cold and mysterious air anymore; it was a
mysterious gaze instead.
"ÅcÅcÅc"
?Ah, I see. Shidou finally realized it.
He knew that Origami had no authority to make left and right decisions for the AST.
But even so, the reason for him to specially take on the risk of leakage of
information just so that he can talk to Origami about this matter?it is because he
just had to do it.
Of course, the biggest reason was to save Yoshino, but that was not the only reason
he had.
That was, he felt that he finally understood it by experiencing it directly.
"I?see, IÅcÅcÅc"
Once again, Shidou faced his eyes towards Origami.
"IÅcÅcI think I want to do something about Yoshino? I want to save her, I also want
you to accept Tohka too. However, on the same level as those wishes. I don't want
you, Tobiichi?yes, I don't want you to kill all those...good peopleÅc!"
"ÅcÅcÅc"
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
219 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
"I know that, you are also a good person tooÅcÅc! Although you are still in high
school, but you are fighting to protect the world! It is not something anyone can do.
I respect you for that."
Yes. Shidou does not have the right to say that Origami was wrong.
She lost her parents to the Spirits 5 years ago?and she did not want other victims to
be like her anymore, she was a noble girl that took up weapons to protect others.
At that determination, there was no way Shidou's cheap words could stain it.
But?
"HowÅcÅchow did things turn out to be this wayÅcÅc There is no one?there is no
one that is bad at all. Tohka, Yoshino, and Tobiichi, even you too, you are all good
people yet."
"That is?"
Beginning to speak, after Origami made a small gulp she continued.
"That is, something that cannot be helped."
"ÅcÅcUh."
"Provisionally, the things you said are true, about [Hermit] not wishing to have any
conflicts with us ?But, as the fact is, she is a Spirit. Therefore the threat of a
spacequake occurring is still there. We can't just ignore this danger that threatens so
many people, just for that one girl only."
It was a very accurate assertion. Kotori had also said the same thing.
Surely, if there was someone wrong it would probably be Shidou.
Shidou, shifted his eyes to his hands that were accumulating sweat, while trying to
hide his expression he was grinding his molars.
In his head, he could understand what Origami just said. But he could not agree to it,
no matter how he tried.
"?There is one last thing that I want to confirm."
When he said that, Origami tilted her head in curiosity.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
220 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
"If you all can't confirm Spirit powers, like Tohka?there won't be any reason to
attack that Spirit anymore right?"
Yes. What Shidou was saying were his idealistic thoughts. It was just too
unreasonable.
?But, due to the Tohka incident there was a chance that these unreasonable thoughts
might succeed.
"ÅcÅcÅc"
Origami kept silent for a while before replying.
"From my point of view it is not my intention to do so. Just because her readings
disappeared, it is too dangerous to leave the Spirit alone."
"ÅcÅcÅcUh, that sort of?"
"?But. To the higher ups, as long as there is no confirmation on the Spirit's
reading, we have no choice but to recognize it as a human. I cannot attack her based
on my own judgments."
"Whi-Which means?"
"That question, shows positive signs"
Origami said that while remaining cool.
Shidou, unconsciously drank his saliva, and gripped his hands tightly.
"?Thank you. It is enough now since I heard that."
"I see."
After Origami replied with that short sentence.
"?Is that the reason why...you said you wanted to come over today?"
Just a little, just by a little her eyelids fell, as she said those words.
Although there were no changes in her voice that has no accent, for some reason he
could feel that she was unhappy.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
221 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
"Uh, noÅcÅcth-there is no such thing. The reason I came here today, was to talk to
TobiichiÅcÅc"
As expected, he can't say anything about the puppet, so he made a lie.
Because of the intercam being dead, it became Shidou's job to conduct the search?
Originally, while the camera was conducting the search, it was supposed to be
Shidou's goal to distract Origami through conversation and to prevent raising any
suspicions.
"ÅcÅcÅc"
As soon as Origami heard Shidou's answer, the atmosphere that became a little
thorny vanished in an instant.
And then, she steadily approached Shidou for a second time.
But, at that time.
*UUUUUUUUUUUUuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu?*
And, the spacequake alarm rang from outside.
"Th-The alarmÅc?"
"ÅcÅcÅc"
Origami became silent for a few moments. Before standing up she took a breath.
"OrigamiÅcÅc?"
"?Dispatch. Hurry and go to the shelter."
Origami said only that before, going out to the corridor.
Right after Shidou was left alone and was dumbfounded for a while.
"ÅcDon't tell me, Yoshino??"
He raised his eyebrows from the alarm that was shaking his eardrums?and gripped
tightly onto the puppet inside his pocket.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
222 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
223 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
224 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Chapter 5: Frozen Earth
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
225 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
226 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 1
"ÅcÅcÅc!?"
Yoshino opened her eyes. And she trembled in panic.
Together with the feeling of waking up after dozing off in the dark??a gentle
breeze brushed her cheeks and the view of the city flowed into her sights.
"EhÅcÅcÅcÅcÅc, ahÅcÅc"
Yoshino looked around her.
She was inside?a city which she does not know.
The only thing surrounding Yoshino was a crater formed from an explosion of
some sort that had blasted the area off.
And the sky was cold and raining.
It was the something which she has already experienced many times, an experience
that she was starting to get tired of?it was the feeling of the real world.
But if there was something different this time it would be??that her irreplaceable
friend was missing from her left hand.
"ÅcÅcÅc!"
From the sky, she heard a sound that she had memories of.
And over there was?as what Yoshino had predicted, a number of humans covered
with machines and armor floating above her.
"?Target confirmed. All members, initiate attack."
""Yes.""
After that response the humans fired many bullets from their arms and legs at
Yoshino.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
227 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅc!?"
Yoshino gasped and flew into the sky by kicking off the ground.
Just like that, to escape the attacks from the humans, she was using complex
maneuvering and running away.
"Don't let her escape!"
""?Roger.""
She heard such voices echo behind her, and many more bullets were fired at her.
It was the final strike, because each attack held a lethal level of power respectively. If
not for the AstralDress, the attacks would have resulted in Yoshino being killed over
a 100 times; it was the incarnation of killing intent and malice.
"ÅcÅcÅc!ÅcÅcÅc!"
While Yoshino was dancing in the sky feeling confused, she was also raising
inaudible shouts.
Her heartbeat turned rough,
Her stomach started to hurt,
And her eyes were spinning round and round.
Yoshino could not tolerate the malice and killing intent targeting her from someone
else
Normally it would be?different.
Usually, [Yoshinon] would talk for her from her left hand.
Since [Yoshinon] was very reliable, it would act as if this attack was nothing to it.
That's why, Yoshino would feel safe and okay. And she would refrain from hurting
everyone else.
But, right now?
"KyaÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅc"
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
228 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Yoshino felt a strong impact behind her, and while she was making a soft scream
she fell to the ground.
It was not an attack that could pierce through the AstralDress. However, it was a
heavy attack that sent Yoshino, with her AstralDress's protection, to the ground.
The feeling of fear was spreading inside Yoshino's heart to the extent that it could
not be helped.
*clatter* *clatter* her tooth cried,
*rattle* *rattle* her legs trembled,
*shake* *shake* and her sights was shaking.
The inside of her head was already mushy to the level that it canÅft be helped.
"U, a,aÅcÅcÅc"
*zaa*,*zaa*-----and the rain had gotten even stronger.
"?Okay, let us up this all the way."
At the same time when the leader styled lady said those words, all the humans and
their ominous weapons were all pointed at Yoshino at once.
And then, from the machines, the most killing intent they have released so far was
poured into it, and took shape before it was launched at her.
Just the moment before impact. Yoshino raised her right hand high up to the sky.
?and.
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcÅc<Zadkiel>ÅcÅcÅcÅc!?"
She swings her hands down, together with the angel's name.
"??Took her down!?"
Ryouko's mildly excited voice was heard through the transmitter.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
229 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
While Origami was making a long and thin sigh, without lowering her guard she
looked around the surface of the earth covered with smoke.
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅc"
It had been almost 30 minutes, after the residents had finished evacuating and the
alarm rang.
The moment they confirmed [Hermit]'s figure, Origami and the rest of the team
immediately began their extermination plan.
Right now in the area were 9 members of the AST floating on the air, covered with
long-ranged equipment.
Together with the wiring suits covering them and the normal thrusters unit as its
center, it was extermination equipment that has a whole bunch of anti-Spirit
ammunition loaded in it.
Normally the weight of the equipment would be too heavy to move around with but
?it was compensated by the gravity neutralizing absolute power field, the Territory
which is brought forth by the Realizer.
All of the members were facing the visitor, the [Hermit], and Ryouko was watching
the situation.
"Wha??"
The voice of someone filled with confusion was, delivered to all of the members
ears through the transmitter.
The smoke covering the area where [Yoshino] fell dispersed immediately?and
from the inside of the smoke, the figure of a doll with a slow-witted silhouette
appeared, which was unconfirmed until just a few moments ago.
?On its back, [Hermit]'s small body was tightly attached to it.
"That is?"
The sound of Ryouko's voice through the transmitter shook Origami's eardrum.
There was a memory of that doll. It was the weapon [Hermit] summoned from last
time?the Angel.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
230 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
And thus, the puppet took a slouching posture, and when she thought that both its
front legs touched the ground, *Guoooo*, a white smoke-like substance was
released out of the abdomen part right pass the four legs, and from the mouth.
The puppet then turned its head and faced toward the sky.
?*KuooooOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO*???
And, it raised a strange roar that left a buzzing in the ears.
When it did that?the doll as the center, a crispy sound came from the ground, and
the ground turned white and increased in radius.
"Wha-What is thisÅcÅcÅc!?"
A voice of a team member filled with uneasiness echoed.
But [Hermit]'s doll did not care about the team, and continued letting out an evil cold
air and roars.
Each time it did that, the ground continued turning white.
"ÅcÅcÅcÅc"
Origami sent her sights to left and right.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
231 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
232 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
The image that was projected in her sights was?the whole city, having the same
phenomenon occurring.
Suddenly the puddles made from the heavy rain started to rise, and instantly froze to
form countless commercialized-like needle shaped ice.
The frost was creeping and falling around the city's road and building, the situation
was like having one whole city being put into a freezer.
In the blink of an eye?Origami and the others had their vision covered in ice.
And adding on to this terrible situation, the area they are in right now was getting
endlessly supplied with water from the sky.
When the large quantity of raindrops, touched the ground covered in ice, it was
immediately absorbed into the ground.
An endless invasion and the growing of ice castles.
That was what; Tenguu city was covered up with.
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcKuh! All members! Don't falter! Shoot!"
Together with Ryouko's orders, Origami fired that instruction into her brain.
And the muzzle's equipped onto her whole body, activated all at once.
The other AST members acted the same, and fired at [Hermit] with all ammunition
they had left.
But?
"ÅcÅcÅcÅc"
Origami stopped breathing for a moment.
Before their ammunitions reached [Hermit], they froze far from it, without even
igniting, the ammunition fell to the ground.
Origami immediately sent instructions to her brain, and simple analysis was put into
operation.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
233 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
When she did that, many weak but vast amounts of Spirit energy readings appeared
on her view, it was so much that it was scary.
"WhaÅcÅcÅcwhat is going on?"
"?It is probably, the rain's fault."
"Ah, rain?"
In the midst of the team's confusion, Origami made a short answer.
"Yes, although it is little, the rain contains Spirit power."
The heavy rain left no gaps in her view.
The moment it touched the ammunition, it would get covered in ice and even the
firepower would freeze before falling to the ground.
The rain covered in the Spirits power and the cold air. In this curtain of water, and
the ice castles that covered the land, acted as a strong protective wall to protect its
enshrined master.
"ÅcÅcÅcÅc!"
And?at that moment, [Hermit] showed some movement while she was attached to
the giant dolls back.
Guoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo??and it raised a roar that was
like the sound of a moving machine, this roar was larger compared to just now, the
doll then bent its body backwards.
That aspect was a little different from usual.
Yes, putting it into words, instead of releasing cold air, it was as if it was sucking in
the atmosphere by taking a big breath.
"ÅcÅcÅcÅc.! All members, take cover!"
The same time Ryouko made that order, she sent mental instructions from her brain
to the thruster units, and left the airspace where Origami and the others were
floating just a moment ago.
That instant, when she thought that, the doll moved its head back to its normal spot,
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
234 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
together with an unpleasant sound that can tear her ears apart, from the mouth, a
blue beam was released.
"UwaÅcÅcÅcÅc!?"
"Gu??"
In the transmitter, she could hear the voice of anguish from the other members. It
would seem that, it was too late to run away.
"???"
She made her body spin midair, and took a glimpse downwards.
Over there were 2 ice boulders with a radius of 3 meters, *roll* *roll* that were
rolling around.
There was no mistake. It was the owners of the anguished voices she heard from the
other side of the transmitter just now.
"ÅcÅcÅcÅc., Did they get frozen together with the TerritoryÅcÅc? This isn't a
jokeÅcÅc!?"
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅc"
While hearing the other team members voice, Origami brought her eyes to
[Hermit]'s behavior without lowering her guard.
And?maybe [Hermit] felt that the AST members were in disarray, it showed some
movement once again.
When it thought that Origami and the others had turned their backs, the doll landed
onto the ground with its four legs, and just like that with tremendous speed, it ran
away like it was sliding on the frozen ground.
"KuhÅcÅcÅc.we are chasing her!"
""Roger!""
Origami and the others sent the instructions to their own brains, and drove the
Thruster units.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
235 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
236 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 2
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅc.!?"
Tohka was sleeping in the deepest room located on the second floor of the Itsuka
house; she immediately raised her face up when the unexpected sound of explosions
echoed.
"Wha-WhatÅcÅcÅc..!?"
She raised her body because she was surprised by the dangerous situation, *rumble*
*rumble*, she opened the window while these sounds happened.
At that moment, Tohka shook her body unconsciously.
Instead of an outrageous feeling of fear, she shivered from the unexpected coldness,
of the wind that entered from outside the window.
It was so weird that the surrounding temperature was dropping. Tohka looked
around in a bad mood while frowning.
"Th-This isÅcÅcÅc"
Rain was pouring down on one side of her view , what's more, the moment the
raindrop touched the ground it froze up and turned to ice.
"Wha-What on earth is happening nowÅcÅcÅcÅc"
And, at that moment, she suddenly remembered something from just now.
During the time she was having an afternoon nap, she felt that something like the
sound of Uuuuuuuuuuuu??echoed.
She thought that it was a dream or something, but that wasÅcÅcÅc
"Was thatÅcÅcÅcÅcthe thing called the alarmÅcÅc.!? Which means this is
theÅcÅcÅc.spacequake?"
The image of the explosion and so on was quite different from what she heard from
instructor Tama-chan , from what she can see, it was a strange situation. She has to
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
237 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
hurry and evacuate to the so called shelter.
And?at that moment when Tohka was about to leave the room.
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcÅc!?"
Outside the window, a strange object passed by with tremendous speed.
It was a doll with a body length of 3 meters that had a short and stout form.
What's more on the back of the doll, it was being ridden by a girl with a green
colored coat.
"That wasÅcÅcfrom that time."
Yes, that was the girl that Shidou had met up with.
The same time she confirmed that, Tohka, felt a shaking in her heart.
She does not have any basis. But for some reason?she couldn't help but feel that
Shidou might be with that girl.
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcÅc"
After biting her lips, Tohka ran out of the room.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
238 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
239 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 3
"WhaÅcÅcÅc, what the heck, is thisÅcÅcÅc?"
While holding the puppet in his hand, Shidou who had just left the apartment opened
his eyes wide at the view that was spreading in front of him.
At any rate, the town's landscape that he was familiar with, turned into a winter
wonderland.
What's more, it was not snow accumulating on it. The town was purely, frozen.
"?Did you not hear the alarm? It's Yoshino."
From the intercam that had been keeping its silence, he could hear Kotori's voice
from it.
"Leaving that aside. What were you doing before the Spirit manifested? You took
quite a sweet time leaving the room."
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcNo, I got caught by a birdlime[2E 1] that was set up at the front entrance."
Yes, when he was trying to leave Origami's room, his leg got grabbed by the trap; it
was something that would slow him down from going outside.
ÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcBut it was a weird trap. Although it would take someone's time but it
was not a trap that was impossible to escape from. If he were to say which it was,
instead of catching an intruder from outside, it would be to slow someone down
from escaping from insideÅc
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcNononono."
Now was not the time to be worrying about such things. He shook his head and
regained his thoughts.
"So this isÅcYoshino's doing?"
"Yes."
He said that while viewing the city covered in ice and Kotori replied back to him.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
240 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
"It is not a situation where you can take your time leisurely and make plans. The rain
water was supposed to be drained originally but even that got frozen up, if this
situation continues there might be a chance that serious damage could be caused to
the ground and underground shelter."
After taking a deep breath, Kotori continued on.
"?The only ones that can stop Yoshino are you, and that puppet. Will you go for
it?"
"Of course. I can't leave Yoshino and the city like this anymore."
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcShin, I have one thing to say too, is it okay?"
And, from the intercam, he heard a sleepy voice. It was Reine.
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcI did a lot of investigating but?it would seem, your question was
not necessarily a misunderstanding."
Speaking of the?Question, it was probably what Shidou asked, when Yoshino
visited his house a few days ago.
Now that he thought about it, he felt that Kotori did mention she would get Reine to
investigate it.
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcSince we don't have time I will tell you the brief details. Yoshino is?"
Reine explained the situation briefly.
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅc"
The same time when he heard that, a feeling of his heart being tightly squeezed,
passed throughout Shidou's whole body.
But?mysteriously it wasn't that surprising.
The only feeling he had was an agreement of, aah, if it's Yoshino then, it's
understandable??
And the absolute conviction of, as expected I need to save the girl.
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcKotori."
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
241 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
He looked at the city again and took a breath. He then made his determination by,
hitting his chest a few times which was beating violently.
She might have guessed Shidou's intention just by that, Kotori's voice resounded
back.
"?Very well. Run straight to the right, until you get out of the main street. Looking
at the speed and the direction Yoshino is heading, you will reach there in
approximately 5 minutes. If it is from that spot you can reach that location before
her."
"RogerÅcÅcÅc!"
Receiving his instructions, he swiftly stepped on the ground firmly. But,
"Hurry and finish increasing her affection level, and give her a kiss."
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcUhh."
ÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcIt was a specific way to say it out of the mouth, Shidou became a little
shy from that.
"What's wrong? Is there a problem?"
"N-NoÅcÅcÅcÅc.Although it is not about that butÅcÅc..errr."
Shidou said that while lightly blushing, Kotori made a [haa] sigh like she was tired
of him.
"Why are you getting embarrassed now? It's not like this is the first time you've
done it."
From Kotoris words, Shidou remembered what had happened inside the department
store, his face turned even redder because of that.
"ThÅcÅcÅcThat, might be true butÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcNo, howÅfd I put this? Although it was
like an accident at that time but...If I am suppose to do it intentionally, then it feels
like a crime or somethingÅc"
"?Aah, what is this? Is there a chance that Shidou might be a lolicon?"
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcTh, tha, that's wrong!"
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
242 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
"That reaction. BullÅfs-eye? Is your strike-zone from middle school and below?
Kyaa?scary. I have to be careful from now on."
Kotori said mischievously.
"Oi oi."
And Shidou replied back while scratching his cheeks.
"No, that won't happen."
No matter how much he wasn't connected by blood, Kotori was his sister and they
have been brought up together since they were young.
As expected, there was no way such a thing would happen.
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅc"
"Kotori?"
"Shut up, hurry up and go!"
It was rare for Kotori, in her oppressive Commander mode, to raise her voice while
shouting.
"Wha-What's wrong with herÅcÅcÅc?"
While Shidou was feeling it was hard to understand her, he dashed in the middle of
the cold rain.
He was somehow maintaining his speed, while running on the frozen road.
And immediately he arrived at the main street with no one in sight?he then firmly
gripped his foot on the ground.
"?She's coming."
Right after Kotori's warning?immediately, he saw a slow-witted silhouette.
It was a smooth and inorganic form. On its head, long rabbit-like ears. There was no
mistake. It was the Angel <Zadkiel> Yoshino summoned.
Shidou, raised his voice until his vocal cords almost got crushed.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
243 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
"?Yoshinoooooooooooo!"
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅc!"
Yoshino who was attached to the back of the doll which was moving at extreme
speeds, showed some reaction.
It would seem, that she noticed Shidou.
<Zadkiel> that was moving like it was sliding on the frozen road, stopped right in
front of Shidou.
And when he thought the slow-witted doll bent its body, Yoshino who was attached
to the back, raised her face that was soggy from crying.
"H-Hey, Yoshino. Long time no see."
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcShidou-sanÅcÅcÅc"
Yoshino raised her body, and *un* *un* vertically swung her head.
At that occasion, Yoshino pulled out her hand that was inserted in the hole behind
<Zadkiel>'s back. On Yoshino's finger many ring-like objects were shining, and
from inside <Zadkiel>'s interior, there were thin treads stretched out. Like a puppet,
it might be used to control <Zadkiel>'s movements.
"Yoshino, there is something I want to give to you."
"ÅcÅcÅcÅc?"
After wiping her tears with her sleeves, Yoshino tilted her head as if questioning
him.
"Aah, this is?"
And, that moment when Shidou took out the puppet that was kept in his pocket.
"Shidou!"
The same time when Kotori's voice echoed, from behind Shidou a light beam of
some sort, was aimed and fired at Yoshino.
The shot grazed the tip of Yoshino's shoulder and her cheek, as it continued on
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
244 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
passing behind her.
"WhaÅcÅcÅcÅc?"
Shidou's voice clogged up, and he immediately turned his head to look behind him.
Over there was Origami covered with overly exaggerated equipment, and was
floating on air while carrying a large cannon.
"O-OrigamiÅcÅcÅc"
And what's more, it was not only that. Wondering when it happened, in Shidou and
Yoshino's surroundings, AST magicians were gathering around them.
"?That young man over there. It's dangerous. Distance yourself from that girl."
With a voice that was passed through using a machine, the woman that appeared to
be the captain made a practical speech.
But,
"U??ah, ah, ah, ah, ahÅcÅc"
And immediately such a voice came from behind him; Shidou turned his face back
to its original direction.
Yoshino looked at the AST members figure and, *tremble* *tremble* her body
started trembling.
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcUh."
Shidou, raised his eyebrows and gasped.
"Ah, aaaah, UAAAAAAAaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhh---------!"
She shouted, Yoshino then inserted both her arms into <Zadkiel> again.
And while spreading an extremely cold air around it, it slides towards its back
direction.
"U,YoshinoÅcÅcÅc.! Wait!"
Shidou's entreaty could not reach.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
245 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
<Zadkiel> which was being controlled by Yoshino, was
*Guuooooooooooooooooo*--------making such sounds while sucking in the
surrounding atmosphere.
"Th-That isÅcÅc..!"
Tohka who had been running in the frozen city, was frightened at the scenery she
was looking at.
In the cleared up road, she was able to recognize the figures of Shidou, the blue
haired girl she saw a few days ago, and also the AST members standing there.
And, the girl driving the doll retreated to the back of the doll and, the doll bent
backwards and started sucking in the surrounding atmosphere.
"??Uh."
Tohka felt a cold chilly feeling deep down her stomach.
The only level she could describe that feeling was it an instinct of some sort, but
somehow she understood what that was. And that thing was?not something good.
It was hard to put into words but, yes, the shaking of the atmosphere and the moment
before Tohka uses <Sandalphon> with all her might to make a final blow, it was
extremely similar.
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcÅc.., shidou!"
Tohka raised her voice.
But, she understood that even if she did call out to him there was no meaning for
doing so.
Tohka immediately stomped her heel on the ground.
"<Sandalphon>ÅcÅcÅcÅc!"
And, she called that name. It was Tohka's final sword, the throne. It was the name of
the miracle that held a shape.
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅc, Kuh?"
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
246 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
But nothing happened. Tohka distorted her face.
It was not like she did not predict this. She did receive many explanations from
Kotori and the others, just in case.
Like what kind of existence Tohka was. And what Kotori and the others were
planning to do with Tohka.
And following that process, Tohka was also told why her powers were sealed up.
Naturally, it would be a lie if she wasn't uneasy at first. That's because the power she
had until now, suddenly disappeared all in one day.
Depending on the situation, she understood that it was a necessary factor to lead a
normal life with Shidou and the other humans.
Honestly speaking?Tohka's current lifestyle was unbearably fun.
Although she was still intolerant of Origami, and still does not completely trust
Kotori or Reine.
But, the days passed together with Shidou, were shining radiantly and were flowing
with feelings she had never felt before.
?But.
"<Sandalphon>??<Sandalphon>! <Sandalphon>ÅcÅcÅcuh!"
For the sake of saving Shidou, right now, she once again sought for the power that
was supposed to be unneeded.
She stomped her heel to the floor, over and over again.
But, no matter how much she tried; <Sandalphon> would not manifest itself.
"Kuh?I beg youÅcÅcPlease come out, <Sandalphon>ÅcÅcÅc!"
She clenched her teeth, and her eyebrows approached each other, while she was
close to crying, she continued kicking the floor.
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcKuh."
Inside her head, the clear scene of Shidou falling down from the assassination bullet
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
247 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
resurfaced.
His stomach completely gouged out. Shidou falling down powerless. Herself not
being able to do anything.
She absolutely does not want to experience that again.
?At that moment, the girl's <Zadkiel> moved its head back to its original position.
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcUh!"
*wobbling* *shaking* Tohka's mental state, was turning unstable. The tremendous
amount of stress which was enough to blow her conscious away was, overrunning
inside Tohka's head.
"Ku?a, aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"
And then, the moment when <Zadkiel> released the condensed cold air from its
mouth.
"U-UuwahhÅcÅcÅc!?"
Shidou fell on his butt unintentionally.
He was overpowered by <Zadkiel>'s tremendous pressure.
The AST members that were spread out in his surroundings initiated a barrage of
attacks on <Zadkiel> when it began sucking in the surrounding atmosphere, but all
the attacks were blocked by the surrounding rain.
And thus??an extremely strong stream of cold air was released by YoshinoÅfs
<Zadkiel>.
"Wha???"
Although he did not know about the details but from the only knowledge he had, it
was an attack that would probably rob Shidou of his life, and he somehow expected
that this would be the case.
Judging from the timing and speed?it was something that was impossible to avoid.
"Shidou?"
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
248 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
And, he heard Origami's voice, but it was too late. Shidou closed his eyes
unintentionally?
After his body was stiff for a few seconds, but feeling no discomfort, he wrung his
neck and opened his eyes.
"Thi-This is??"
And while he was dumbfounded he opened his mouth.
It was because, before Shidou knew it, a giant throne was rising in front of him, and
it might have protected Shidou from Yoshino's attack.
"San....<Sandalphon>ÅcÅcÅcÅc.?"
Yes. It was the luxurious throne with the texture of metal. On the steel blue colored
armrest, the back of the sword's handle was popping its face out like it was peeping.
That was, none other than Spirit Tohka's peerless weapon?<Sandalphon>.
"Wh-Why is this??"
"?ItÅfs simple."
From his right ear, Kotori's voice echoed.
"KotoriÅcÅcÅcÅc? What does this mean? Wasn't Tohka's power sealed?"
"I told you before. If Tohka's mental state turns unstable, there is a chance that the
supposedly sealed powers would counter-flow back, from Shidou to Tohka?
Although it is far from her full powers but it was unexpected for her to be able to
summon her angelÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcWell arenÅft you loved, Shidou?"
"HuhÅcÅcÅc.? S-So why is Tohka's?"
When Shidou was flabbergasted, there were movements in the surroundings.
Shidou was not the only one that was surprised at the throne that suddenly appeared.
Yoshino made a face as if she saw something that was out of this world, and
immediately controlled <Zadkiel> and used it to run away with incredible speed.
The AST members activated their thrusters and chased after her.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
249 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Origami also took a glance at the luxurious throne in front of Shidou, and after
making a small frown; she followed the other AST members and chased after
Yoshino.
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅc"
After Shidou has been blankly pre-occupied for a few moments, he immediately
opened his eyes wide.
"Oh yeah, I need to chase after Yoshino too?"
And,
"shidou!"
From behind, he heard his name being called out.
It was a cute tone, and a unique intonation. And what was more importantly, the
luxurious throne right in front of him. There was no need to figure out who the
owner of that voice was?it was Tohka.
"TohkaÅcÅcÅchuh? Eh??"
But when Shidou faced towards her, he opened his eyes wide upon Tohka's figure
that he was not familiar with seeing.
Tohka was wearing her usual Raizen high school uniform but?whether it's her
chest or skirt, her most important parts were, swayed with a beautiful light
membrane.
"Tohka, what is thatÅcÅcÅcÅc.?"
"Nu?"
When Shidou said that, Tohka drop her sights down and looked at her own body
while blinking in surprise.
"Ooo!? What is this! AstralDress!?"
It would seem that she has finally realized what her current state is after being
pointed out. Tohka raised a surprised voice.
And after a few moments, of patting and touching the light membrane, she
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
250 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
immediately raised her face and returned her sights to Shidou's direction.
"More importantly?shidou, are you okay? Are you injured?"
"AhÅcÅcÅcaah. Thanks to you."
Shidou replied while looking up at the luxurious throne rising in front of him.
And when he did that, Tohka looked away awkwardly and continued on with a shaky
voice.
"ErrÅcÅcÅc..about that, I, I am sorryÅcÅcÅcin a lot of ways."
"EhÅcÅcÅcÅc?"
When Shidou replied blankly, Tohka [muumuu] gave a groan.
"That's whyÅcÅcÅc! I was, irritated by something I don't know andÅcÅcerr, I couldn't
express my gratitude to shidouÅcÅcÅcsince I caused many problems so?I always,
wanted to apologize to youÅcÅc"
"NoÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcthat, it was my fault anywayÅcÅcÅc"
Although he was supposed to show some courtesy on denying Tohka's words but?
there was no time, now.
Shidou *gulp* swallowed his saliva.
The Angel <Sandalphon> and also the AstralDress, which belongs to the Spirit
known as Tohka.
Even she was not in the complete condition but it does not change the facts of her
still having superpower that exceeds mankind.
The Spirit powers that could oppose Yoshino's <Zadkiel>. And also the AST's CR
units.
Shidou immersed himself with his thoughts for a few seconds and fixed his eyes
back to Tohka.
"?Tohka, I have a request."
"NuÅcÅc? Why the sudden formalities?"
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
251 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Tohka wrung her neck curiously.
Shidou fell to his knees without any hesitation at all, and lowered his head very low.
"Shi-shidou?"
"?I beg you. Lend me your power. I know asking something like this from you is
unreasonable. But, I want?her, I have to save Yoshino no matter whatÅcÅcÅcÅc!"
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅc"
After she was silent for a moment, Tohka echoed her voice a little.
"The Yoshino you're talking about?is that girl?"
"Aah."
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcUh."
After shortening her breath, Tohka continued on with her words. She was somewhat
?sad.
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcI see. As I thought, that girl is important. ?More than...me."
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcUh? Who said something like that?"
Shidou raised his face, and saw Tohka's eyes.
"EhÅcÅcÅcÅcÅc?"
"ThatÅfs wrong?It's not something like....that."
"Shidou. That's dangerous. Don't tell Tohka any unnecessary information?"
He ignored what Kotori said and opened his lips.
"That girl?is the same as you, Tohka."
"SameÅcÅcÅc?"
"Aah, Yoshino is the same as you??a Spirit."
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcÅc!? That girl is?"
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
252 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Tohka made a dubious voice while raising her eyebrows.
"?That is not all. Because she...also holds powers that she can't do anything about
on her own, just like you, she has been feeling pain all this timeÅcÅcÅcÅc!"
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcÅc"
"I?promised her. That I will become a hero and I will save her. ÅcÅcÅcBut, with
only my power, I can't even chase after herÅcÅcÅc!"
Once again, he lowered his head deeply.
"I beg you, Tohka. Please lend meÅcÅcÅcÅcyour power!"
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅc"
The silence flowed by.
But?it did not continue for very long.
*Suuuu--Åc..haaaaaaa*, he heard the sound of someone breathing.
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcUh, haha."
The echo of the small laugh was also heard.
When he raised his face, he understood that Tohka was putting her hand on her
forehead.
And that mouth, started moving.
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcAah, I see. That's right. How did I forget something like this. ?The
person who saved me, was this kind of man."
"TohkaÅcÅc?"
Because of the rain, he could not properly hear what Tohka just said. He replied
back to her in doubt.
But without replying back, Tohka immediately turned her body around.
"?All I have to do is chase after that girl, right?"
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
253 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Tohka's dignified voice was shaking inside Shidou's eardrum, as if it was erasing
the sound of the rain.
"ÅcÅcÅcÅc, Tohka!"
"Don't say anymore. Time is precious."
After saying that she walked a few steps and, *GAN*! She kicked the luxurious
throne <Sandalphon> that was at that spot.
When she did that, the giant throne fell forward and transformed into a weird shape.
"Thi-This is??"
"Ride it. You're in a hurry right?"
When Tohka rode on the back part of the throne, she urged Shidou to get on.
"Ah, aahÅcÅcÅcÅc"
While being perplexed, Shidou followed Tohka and rode on <Sandalphon>. Instead
of a throne, it has the appearance of an awkwardly shaped boat or a surf board.
"?Grab on."
And, at the same time Tohka said those short words.
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅc!?"
With incredible acceleration, <Sandalphon> started sliding on the frozen ground.
His body was attacked by murderous wind pressure and gravity. Shidou immediately
clung onto the decorations on the back.
But Tohka was barely grabbing onto anything, and was standing calmly on the back
of <Sandalphon> as if she had strong magnets equipped under the soles of her feet.
"If we hold back on the speed we're going to lose sight of her! We're going on like
this!"
"O?OuÅcÅcÅc"
Inside the incredible wind pressure, Shidou barely let out his voice.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
254 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
"?Seriously."
And, from the intercam on his right ear, a voice as if someone gave up echoed. It
was Kotori.
"Although Tohka responded quite well, it was all good but?that was careless,
Shidou."
"Sorry, I will listen to your preaching laterÅc! Just lend me your power now without
saying anything, KotoriÅcÅc!"
When Shidou said that, Kotori made a sigh, and continued talking.
"?Of course. It is our mission to save the Spirits. We will not waste any effort when
helping you."
"I'm in debt to youÅcÅcÅcÅc!"
And, at that moment <Sandalphon>'s speed increased. Shidou put strength in his
neck, and somehow put his foot on the back of <Sandalphon>, and while being
supported by Tohka they continued advancing on the ice.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
255 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
256 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 4
"??B team, go on ahead! We're going to trap [Hermit]!"
""Roger!""
From the transmitter, she heard the voices of Ryouko and the other AST members
responding to her.
Origami together with 2 members of the AST, delicately changed their direction,
and withdrew from the main team chasing after [Hermit].
The target location would be around 1 kilometer ahead from the intersection point.
While the Territory was neutralizing the G force, which was strong enough to
normally make someone's consciousness turn hazy or make it impossible to open
their eyes due to the wind pressure, they reached the targeted location.
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcÅc"
And with the feeling of kicking the air she used the brakes, and diverted to that
direction.
In her sights, she already caught a glimpse of the [Hermit] advancing in her
direction.
At the same time the 3 members as the B team confirmed the sighting, they
dispatched themselves to left and right, they made an instruction in their minds and 2
anchor units which were equipped with the thrusters under their armpits, were shot
out to the ground.
From the total of 6 anchor units light threads were stretched out, and entangled with
each other to form a net.
"??Deployment of the laser web completed, machine Beta and Gamma tied
together confirmed."
"Okay, we're going to corner her!"
When Origami said that, she heard Ryouko's shouting voice through the transmitter
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
257 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
which was chasing after the [Hermit].
"ÅcÅcÅcÅc!?"
[Hermit] finally arrived and seemed to have realized that an ambush has been set for
her.
But??it was too late.
From the front, and both the left and right the light of an entangled net with magic
barred her way.
From behind, Ryouko and the A team were pursuing her.
And from above, Origami and the B team were floating with the completed Laser
web.
"A???ah, ah, aahÅcÅcÅcÅc??"
The [Hermit] who was attached to the back of the doll, opened her eyes wide and let
out a voice filled with despair.
"All members?attack!"
However, the AST did not show any sympathy or mercy to the opposing Spirit.
Together with the orders, all of the AST members pulled out the laser blade <No
pain> which is a standard high-powered close combat equipment, and charged at
[Hermit].
?But,
"UÅcÅc.a, aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhh?!?"
The same time with [Hermit]'s scream, there was an incredible turbulence occurring
in the surrounding.
And the raindrops that were pouring down froze up and turned into hail, swirled
around and covering [Hermit]; it became the shape of a blizzard dome.
Origami did not care about it, and swung down the <No pain> at the ice storm
barrier protecting [Hermit].
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
258 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
However, there was an immediate change.
From the point that touched the barrier, the <No pain>'s blade and Origami's
surrounding Territory were making a cracking sound and begun to freeze up.
Origami immediately, made the sword <No pain> vanish, and de-activated her
Territory.
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcKu??"
The weight of her body and the equipments she was wearing, suddenly returned and
the scenery which she was clearly visible until now turned blurry and she became
unable to see.
In addition to that, the piercing cold air that was filled in the city and the cold
raindrops pouring down from the sky, attacked Origami's body for the first time.
In the blink of an eye, from the greenhouse environment it became something like
climbing a snow mountain in the middle of winter. Her heart made a big leap as if
she got frightened, and it made Origami's breathing painful.
"Basic Territory re-activate."
Inside the exhausting feeling close to making her fainting, she somehow managed to
get that language out of her mouth.
When she did that, an invisible barrier once again manifested around Origami, and
gently made her body float. She activated her thrusters, and somehow managed to
escape from [Hermit]'s barrier.
"KuhÅcÅcÅcÅcEveryone, are you alright!?"
Ryouko's voice was heard. They might have used the same method as Origami to
escape [Hermit]'s barrier too.
But when all the responding voices were counted, including Origami, the total was
only 5.
2 more people probably got frozen together with their Territory.
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅc"
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
259 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Origami brought her eyes to the blizzard dome that was born on top of the frozen
road.
Goooooooooooooo??it was making low howls while winding up a whirlpool, it
has a hemisphere of an estimated radius of 10 meters.
The ice bullets imbued with the Spirit's mana raged, and formed a fortress of cold
air.
Plasma blade and the Territory which normally has no substance were also frozen,
it became obviously clear that this isn't a normal blizzard.
"TskÅcÅcÅcÅcthis is annoying. What are we going to do about this?"
"?It is not like there is no way."
She having said that remark, she sent the data of the barrier which she had scanned
earlier ago to the other members.
"This isÅcÅc"
"Yes. The value of mana covering the barrier is not a big deal. It will react to the
magic output of our Territory, and would temporarily focus its defensive power on
that one spot."
"Which meansÅcÅcin a de-activated Territory condition, we won't get frozen?"
"Probably."
When Origami said that, Ryouko groaned with difficulty.
"That doesn't sound so realistic. No matter how much we can escape getting frozen
up, it is still a barrier with lumps of ice bullets whirling around it. Although the
wiring suits has some bullet-proof properties built-in butÅcÅcÅcÅcI don't think our
body would hold out until we reach her."
Ryouko said that, and another member raised her opinion.
"How about?a bombardment of attacks using a gun with no magic applied to
them."
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcThat would also difficult. Even if by any chance we were able to pass
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
260 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
through the barrier, the Spirit still has its AstralDress you know? Using a physical
attack which is not covered in magic, we wouldnÅft even cause any injury to the
Spirit after all."
That is true, what Ryouko said actually does make sense.
The Spirits' AstralDress, can only be broken by the magic output released by the
Realizer.
However, the barrier of this blizzard that is covering the surrounding has that kind
of magic readings.
It is a 2 layered wall of different attributes. That was a troublesome thing.
But, Origami activated her thrusters and, flew up to the sky.
"Origami?"
"Doing it like this is okay."
Origami muttered that, cast her eyes down and prepared her breathing, to increase
her focus.
And in her surrounding, the territory that was deployed which normally has a radius
of 3 meters instantly expanded to nearly 10 meters.
The radius of the territory, the more it expanded, the lower the density would
become which causes its ability value to drop.
The territory now which had now expanded to a 10 meter class radius would
probably not be able to stop the Spirits attacks.
But?right now this was okay. Just like that Origami got close to a residential
apartment nearby.
"??!"
?*GOGOGOGOGO*ÅcÅc!
The top part of the building that enters the range of the expanded Territory got
twisted out, and was grabbed mid-air.
The concrete of the outer wall was peeling off, the heat insulated materials were
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
261 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
shredding, and a sound that was painful to the ears sounded and the concrete
foundation of the building was forcibly twisted out. It might be the furniture of the
offices inside the building, whether its personal computers or documents these
things were leaked out of the Territory, and falling away separately.
It was quite heavy. Her brain started to get the intense burden and a violent headache
attacked Origami.
"O-OrigamiÅcÅcÅc!? What the heck are you doing?"
Origami didn't care about her and continue making the top part of the building float,
she then flew above the [Hermit]'s barrier.
And then, after taking a small breath she said,
"Crush her, with a good amount of materials. With this, the barrier should deactivate
for an instant. And we aim that."
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcSeriously, you're always so recklessÅcÅc!"
After Ryouko said that with a sigh mixed in it, she gave her orders.
"Everyone, did you hear that!? Although it is rough but there seems to be no other
way. All members, charge output to maximum and standby outside the barrier's
range! Everyone is going to attack at the same time when the barrier disappears!"
""Roger!""
The remaining AST wizards, were readying their stance with all of their equipments
and activated their Realizers.
Origami prepared by breathing, and swung down the hand that was carrying the
building.
The lump of metal and concrete that has an incredible weight, dropped right down
towards the blizzard dome.
?But,
Origami distorted her eyebrows a little.
On the building parts that she had just dropped, she was attracted to one line on it,
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
262 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
and following along with the line, the giant lump of concrete got split into two.
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅc"
No?that was not all.
The separated debris was chopped finely into pieces and what's more it all happened
in a flash.
By the time it touched the ground, all of it turned into fragments and smaller debris.
And the [Hermit]'s barrier was?still, going strong.
"This is?"
And the moment she made that voice, from her ear *Beep* *Beep* an ear hurting
buzzer got delivered.
"Origami! Th-The Spirit readings increased! This reading is?"
Before Ryouko could even finish, Origami made the Territory which had expanded
to almost 10 meter class, condense to almost 2 meters which is smaller than her
usual one.
The large-scaled equipments that were struck outside the Territory field followed
the laws of gravity and fell to the ground.
At that moment?in front of Origami, night colored hair danced.
"ÅcÅcÅcÅc!"
At the Territory that was jammed together to increase the defensive characteristics,
an intense burden was forced on it.
There was no need to even think about the reason. It was because the girl that
appeared right in front of her, came slicing at Origami with her sword.
"Fuun, you defended against that huh?"
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcYatogami...Tohka."
Origami said that name like she was groaning, and drew out the laser blade <No
pain> from her hips, and released a sword strike at Tohka whose body was covered
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
263 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
here and there by her thin AstralDress.
"To??"
After Tohka dodged that in a flash, she rested her legs on top of the rooftop fence
on a nearby building.
"What are you doing here?"
While facing the sword of light at her, she asked the Tohka that suddenly appeared.
While flipping her front hair that was wet from the rain to the back, Tohka made an
inappropriate smile.
"?Fuun, sorry about that, I will not let you disturb shidou."
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅc"
Despite wondering why Shidou's name came up, Origami fixed her grip on <No
pain>.
"Kuh?why did [Princess] appear here? Did she come here to save [Hermit]?"
Ryouko said that irritated.
Yes. The Spirit with an AAA rank?codename [Princess].
From the girl in front of her, the Spirit reading which usually can't be detected was
now, giving out a weak signal.
"??Kuh, we'll deal with [Hermit] later. All members change your target to
[Princess]!"
Ryouko shouted?it might be the most appropriate decision.
It might be the chance to shoot [Hermit] but they would be helpless if [Princess]
attacked them, when they are focusing on shooting.
The barrier was certainly a problem but as long as they take some distance from it,
the [Hermit] would not commence an attack on her own, it was a natural decision to
postpone her attack.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
264 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
265 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
But?she wondered why.
Ryouko and the others floated up from the ground, and looked at Tohka who was
looking in their direction; she felt that Tohka made a small nod. It was like?her
expectations were going along as planned.
However, there was not enough time for careful consideration. When Tohka kicked
the building fence, she once again lifted her sword and approached Origami.
"Kuh?"
Origami fixed her grip on her sword of light and, kicked the sky to accept her
challenge.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
266 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
267 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 5
Going back 3 minutes before the, situation.
"?What is that!? shidou!"
On the <Sandalphon> that was riding on the frozen road with super speed, Shidou
was supported by Tohka and was barely holding on. When Tohka said that, Shidou
raised his face accordingly.
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcWhaÅcÅcÅcÅc!"
It was quite a strange scenery.
On the ground a whirling blizzard, it was a beautifully made hemisphere?and
surrounding it were the AST wizards, who were preparing themselves with their
exaggerated weapons.
"What the heck?is thatÅcÅcÅc.!"
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcIt's the barrier Yoshino constructed. Fumu, it was made quite well."
The moment Shidou said that, Reine explained briefly the analytical results on the
dome of cold air.
Magic?which means, it was a fortress of ice that commences an auto-counterattack
when it reacts to the output of AST's CR units magic attacks.
From Reine's information, Shidou simplified it even further before explaining it to
Tohka. Tohka [muuÅcÅc] put her hands under her jaws and groaned difficultly.
And, this time, Kotori's voice was shaking his right ear eardrum.
"Things have become troubling. With it like that, no one can get close to Yoshino."
If thinking normally, it was true.
But?*Gulp* Shidou drank down his saliva and, [No] moved his lips.
There's one more. There was something that was still bothering him.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
268 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
"Although it is something that we have to test to find out butÅcÅcbut it might not be
exactly necessary."
"What did you say?"
And, a change appeared in the scenery further in front.
When he thought that Origami floated to the sky, she tore out the top part of a
nearby building, and transported it above Yoshino's barrier.
"WhaÅcÅc?"
"?Tsk, is she planning to shatter the barrier like that? That's quite a drastic way to
do it."
Kotori, said it irritatingly.
"Wha-What should we do to?"
And, the moment Shidou said that.
"?Un."
Tohka who was standing nearby him shook her throat a little.
"shidou is going to use that method of some sort...that you know about...to save that
Yoshino something?"
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcNo, errÅcÅcÅcI don't know whether it's possible or not?"
When she said that, he clenched his teeth.
"?No, there is a way. I will do something about itÅcÅcdefinitely."
"I see."
When Tohka said that, *grin*, and she raised the edge of her lips.
"TohkaÅcÅc?"
"Then, I'll leave that problem to shidou. Leave the AST or whatever to me. I
definitely won't...let them disturb shidou."
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
269 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Tohka left those words, and ran on forward from the <Sandalphon> that was still
moving?when she grabbed the handle of the sword that was sprung out of the
pointed end at the back of the throne.
She then kicked the back of the chair just like that, and flew in midair?she flew
towards the direction of Origami, who was still carrying the building.
"Tha....that girlÅcÅcÅc.!"
While Shidou was still clinging onto <Sandalphon> that was still moving, he opened
his eyes wide in surprise.
But, he immediately bit the inside of his mouth and fixed his thoughts, and sternly
faced forward.
The thing she was going to do now was dangerous, but he was not going to shout on
how reckless it was.
The Spirit Tohka. The girl that had finally managed to escape the endless cycle of
battles.
That girl was now?to save Yoshino?and also to support Shidou's determination,
has once again jumped into the battlefield.
Other than repaying back that resolution, there are no other existing actions that
Shidou could do now to be forgiven?!
Shidou lowered his body, and while clinging onto <Sandalphon>, he rushed towards
Yoshino's barrier.
And in the middle of going there, to make his final confirmation, Shidou asked
Kotori a question.
"?Kotori. There is something I want to confirm with you."
"What is it?"
"Since it was something that I was not really worried about, there was one
thingÅcÅcÅcI had forgotten to ask. I...on the day when Tohka's power was sealed?
was shot by Origami right?"
Yes. If Shidou memories are correct. On that day, Shidou was mistakenly sniped by
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
270 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Origami.
And then, he was injured, with a wound that a normal person would not be saved
from.
After a silence of one beat, Kotori replied back.
"Yes. ?That's the truth."
"What on earthÅcÅcwas that? Is that also, among my abilities that is unexplainable?"
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcThat would be, half correct and half wrong."
"And you're saying?"
When he asked back, after Kotori made a groan like she was in a dilemma, she then
continued her words.
"It is exactly true that it is among Shidou's ability. By any occasion when your body
has received a life-threatening damage, your body will be ignited with fire and,
once again be revived. It is a shameful undead monster cheat ability. ?It is not like,
we are, letting it remain unexplainable."
Shidou stared into wonder.
But?there is no time for that now.
"?Right now, I will not ask for what the reason is for now. But there is something I
want to ask again. Even if I get injured by a life-threatening injury, I can recover
from that. There are no mistakes there right?"
"?Yes. That is an affirmative."
Kotori replied back, Shidou took a deep breath.
"ÅcÅcÅcThat's great. If that was my imagination then, I would be heading to my
death right now."
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcShidou...Don't tell me you plan to..."
And?by the time Kotori was saying that, the building that was floating on the sky
was cut into pieces by Tohka, it became fragments of concretes and fell to the
ground below.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
271 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Immediately, the AST members in the surrounding area, changed their targets to
Tohka, and floated to the sky.
With that distraction, the <Sandalphon> that Shidou was riding on, managed to reach
the base of Yoshino's barrier.
Or perhaps?with an overly excess vigor, the pointed end of the throne thrust into
the barrier.
"EekÅcÅcÅcÅc!?"
*Gakun* a strong trembling attacked Shidou.
But, he could not remain surprised for long. The part which <Sandalphon>touched
when it touched the barrier, while an incredibly high pitched shriek was sounding, it
was getting frozen too.
It definitely, must have reacted to <Sandalphon>'s Mana.
"This is badÅcÅcÅcÅc"
When Shidou got off <Sandalphon> in a panic, he was standing right in front of the
massive blizzard in the shape of a whirlpool.
It was a barrier of raging ice storms. When he saw it right in front of him, the
intensity of it was a huge difference.
"Yoshino?is inside this."
After mumbling, he moved the puppet from his pocket to his clothes.
He then bent his body forward to cover it?and Shidou took one step forward.
"Shidou, please stop. What are you planning to do?"
From his right ear, restraining words entered. But Shidou did not stop his legs.
"?Uh, are you planning to enter the barrier with just your body? And only by
depending on your recovery powers? ItÅfs too reckless. Stop it!"
From those admirable words that make him think that it was not from the
Commander mode, Shidou made a dry laugh.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
272 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
"Oi oiÅcÅcÅcDuring the time I was shot, I heard that you weren't even a little
agitated you know?"
"The situation at that time was different. In the area where the blizzard is blowing in,
the outer circumference of the internal barrier is 5 meters from the target. It's 5
meters you understand? In that distance, it's like advancing while getting shot by a
shotgun, you get it? And what's more, if Mana is detected inside that radius, you will
be frozen like Tohka's <Sandalphon>"
And going on and on, Kotori continued talking.
"Do you understand what I am saying? I am saying during the time you are in the
outer edge of the barrier, your wounds will not heal. The difference is huge
compared to being shot by one bullet. If your ability runs out half way, there is no
mistake you will die!?"
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcMana? So my recovery abilities, is the powers of a Spirit huh?"
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcUh."
He heard the sound of Kotori choking.
But, Shidou did not stop his legs.
It was understandable that this was a stupid move, but he could not stop.
That's because Shidou made a promise.
That he will save Yoshino. And he himself?will become Yoshino's hero.
After taking a deep breath, he took a step inside the barrier.
"Shidou?! Shidou! Stop!"
Kotori unusually started shouting desperately.
"?StopÅcÅcÅc..uh, Onii-cha?"
But reaching at the end of the voice, in Shidou's ear, he could only hear the sound of
the violent blizzard.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
273 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
274 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 6
"U, eÅcÅcÅcÅc.., eÅcÅcÅcÅcuh."
In the center of the barrier, Yoshino was squatting on the back of <Zadkiel>, and was
crying.
It a very quiet area that one would not think to be inside a raging blizzard. Only the
sound of Yoshino's weeping and sniffling could be heard reverberating loudly.
She was very scared and could not go outside. But, over here?was quite, lonely.
"Yo...shi...nonÅcÅcuhÅcÅc"
With a voice filled with tears, she called the name of her friend.
"Y.E.S."
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅc!?"
Yoshino twitched her shoulders in surprise, and immediately raised her head and
looked around.
"??!"
And then, Yoshino wiped her tears and opened her eyes wide.
That's because right at the border of the outer edge and the inner part of the barrier,
she caught sight of a puppet she was familiar with.
"!, YoshinonÅcÅc!?"
Yoshino shouted and jumped off <Zadkiel>'s back, and ran to that spot.
There was no way Yoshino could have made a mistake.
That puppet was unmistakably Yoshino's friend [Yoshinon], which had been missing
for the past few days.
But?
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
275 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcHiiÅcÅcÅcÅc!"
*Thud*!.
From behind [Yoshinon], someone fell inside and Yoshino instinctively stopped her
legs.
No?accurately speaking, the person who fell inside was the one wearing
[Yoshinon] on their hand.
She could not tell who it was by the appearance.
That was because the person who fell down had his whole body covered in blood
stains and injuries.
"UhÅcÅcÅc"
That person must have forcibly entered Yoshino's barrier. From the body that fell
down, a large amount of blood flowed out into the area around him.
Yoshino's eyes were sure of it. This was, instead of describing it as a human, much
closer to a corpse.
But immediately Yoshino no longer needed to examine the body.
That was because---suddenly, the body she thought was half-dead, started glowing. It
was like the numerous wounds made on the body were getting licked by flames that
were crawling on their surface.
While Yoshino was dumbfounded, the person's injuries vanished.
And?finally the facial features could be grasped.
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcÅc!? Shidou-saÅcÅcÅc"
Yoshino let out a voice filled in shock.
Yes, that worn-out human was Itsuka Shidou.
Shidou rolled and, when he faced upwards on that spot, *fuuuuuuu*ÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcHe
let out a deep breath.
"IÅcÅcI thought I was going to dieÅc"
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
276 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Shidou, who barely made it inside the barrier, took in big breaths. And after his
heart, which was about to stop, calmed down, he slowly raised his body up.
Even though the outer part of the barrier was a machine-gun-like furious
snowstorm, the inside of it was really quiet. It was an area that had nothing weird in
it. It somehow reminded him of the inside of an igloo.
And then right inside it, there was a giant doll and a girl with eyes like a rabbits'
which were dyed red.
"?Yoshino!"
When Shidou called her, he stood up while carrying the rabbit puppet.
"As promised, I?came to save youÅcÅcÅcÅc!"
When he did that, after Yoshino stared blankly,
"U,e,eeeeeeeeeÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅc"
The tears in her eyes accumulated and she started crying.
"UwahÅcÅcÅcÅcÅc..,wai? D-Don't cry. Di-Did I somehow do something
badÅcÅc..?"
Shidou hastily moved his hands, but Yoshino swung her head sideways.
"You'reÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅc. Wrong, I amÅcÅcÅcÅcÅc.happyÅcÅcÅc
youÅcÅcÅc..cameÅcÅcÅc.."
After she said that, [UeeeeeeÅcÅc.] she started crying again.
While Shidou made a wry laugh at that appearance, he used his right hand and
gently patted Yoshino's head.
And then, with the puppet that was put on his left hand, *clatter* *clatter*, he tried
moving it.
"Ya-ha-, long time no see. Have you been doing great?"
He was mumbling his mouth while speaking to make it look like it was
ventriloquism.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
277 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Although it was an act that was poorly executed, Yoshino happily swung her head
many times to the front.
If you were to think normally, it might be a weird scene.
That was because, [Yoshinon] is a doll that moves by Yoshino's ventriloquism.
But?
Shidou remembered what Reine said a while ago.
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcFrom the results of the investigation, regarding the current Spirit class
we are monitoring, we found out there was one more small and unusual reading
hidden there."
"ErrrÅcÅcÅcÅcwhich means??"
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcIt essentially means that there is another personality existing inside
Yoshino that only appears when she wears the puppet."
"!, Tha-That meansÅcÅcÅcÅc.Yoshino knows that about herself too?"
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcMaybe so, maybe not. But there is one thing for certain, the
person that you were having a conversation with in the department store, instead of
it being Yoshino, was the other personality that appeared through the medium of the
puppet. Yoshino at that time will leave all the interactions to Yoshinon and is close to
a state where she purposely closes her heart. That is the reason why her powers
were not sealed even though she was kissed."
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcÅc"
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcThere is one more thing. Regarding the reason why Yoshinon appears,
there is something very interesting about it."
"Something interesting?"
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcAah, there are many reasons why she gave birth to a new personality
other than the one she already had but?the most popular was to probably run away
from things like ill-treatment, strong agony or stress. In short, the reason she
accidentally made another personality was to make it as if someone else were taking
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
278 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
on the painful experiences instead of herself."
"So that meansÅcÅcÅcthat was expected, it was painful that the AST was aiming for
her life??"
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcNoo. ?This is quite hard to believe but this girl, in order to avoid
injuring humans instead of herself, probably gave birth to a new personality in
order to restrain her own powersÅh
"??Uh."
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcÅc.Shin. Please, you definitely have to save that girl. You would be
lyingÅcÅcÅcif you do not want to go save this kind and gentle little girl."
?At that conversation.
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅc"
"Than...k ÅcÅcÅcÅcÅc.you, very much."
And, unexpectedly, Yoshino lowered her head.
"Eh?"
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcFor, saving, Yoshinon."
After Shidou scratched his cheek, [aah] he nodded.
"The next one?Yoshino. I am going to save you."
"EhÅcÅcÅcÅc.?"
Yoshino replied back curiously. Shidou then went on his knees to look Yoshino in
the eyes.
He could not hear anything from the intercam. It must have gotten broken while he
was passing through the barrier.
It was painful not to know what Yoshino's mental states were but there was no
choice.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
279 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Either way, he had to do it.
The contact with Yoshino when she lost her puppet and the conversation he just had.
In only those times, he believed that he gained the minimum requirements for
Yoshino's trust.
"?Errr, about that, Yoshino. In order to save you?errm, there is one thing that you
have to do."
"WhatÅcÅcis it?"
While Shidou let his saliva flow down his throat which was dry from the
nervousness, he continued his words.
"ÅcÅcÅcErrm, don't think of me as a weird guy please ÅcÅcDo you still remember
about the kiss?"
In an instant Yoshino made a blank face, and immediately swung her head vertically.
"ÅcÅcUh, I, I see. Errrr??ermmÅc..in order to save you, you will have to do
itÅcÅcÅcNo, I really don't mean it in a weird way! This is?"
And?
"?Eh?"
And Shidou's voice stopped there.
The reason was simple?Yoshino abruptly closed her eyes.
And on Shidou's lips *Chu*, she gave him a kiss.
At that moment, Shidou was attacked by a...somehow warm feeling flowing into his
body,
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅc.!? Yo-YoshinoÅcÅcÅc?"
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅc?"
Yoshino tilted her head to the side a little.
"DidÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcI do...it wrongÅcÅc?"
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
280 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
"N-NoÅcÅcÅcyou're not wrongÅcÅcÅc.but..."
When Shidou said that, Yoshino nodded in consent.
"If it is whatÅcÅcÅc..Shidou-san says, I will believe it."
At that moment?<Zadkiel>, that was standing idly behind Yoshino and the inner
dress that was covering her, turned into light particles and melted into the
atmosphere.
And thenÅcÅcÅcthe blizzard barrier surrounding Yoshino and Shidou, suddenly lost
its energy and disappeared.
Yoshino's shoulders twitched in surprise.
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅc, Shidou,sanÅcÅcÅcÅc.this?"
Yoshino was in a state where she had no idea what was going on, so her eyes spun
around and around. And in order to cover her half-naked appearance, she crouched
down.
Somehow when she made that kind of reaction, Shidou started to get embarrassed
again as well.
"AhÅcÅcÅcÅcaah, un, errrÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcI think you have a lot of things you want to
say! Bu-But for right now?"
And?at that moment.
"UnÅcÅcÅc"
Yoshino squinted her eyes from the brightness. After the clouds cleared up?the
sunlight was, pouring in.
"It's warm?"
It was as if it was the first time for Yoshino to see the sun, she was in admiration.
No, it really might be her first time seeing it.
Shidou recalled back. He does not know whether it is Yoshino's nature to control
water and cold air, but it felt like every time when she appeared in this world, rain
was always falling.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
281 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
"Pre~tty."
She dazedly, mumbled.
Yoshino said that while looking at the sky.
Shidou also, got attracted to it and raised his face.
And then, he immediately found what Yoshino was staring at.
In the sky that was erased from the gray colored clouds?there was a magnificent
rainbow, spanning through it.
?But, that aftertaste did not last for very long. Unexpectedly both Shidou and
Yoshino bodies were covered with a mysterious floating feeling.
"NowahÅcÅcÅc!"
"ÅcÅcÅcÅc!?"
There was a memory about this feeling. It was <Fraxinus>'s transport device.
Kotori must have, retrieved them after confirming the sealing was completed.
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcand."
After a moment, Shidou's view was no longer of the city covered in ice, but instead
it was the ship's interior of <Fraxinus> he was used to seeing.
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcÅc.!? ÅcÅcÅcÅcÅc!?"
As expected Yoshino was blinking in surprise.
And?Shidou turned to the other presence that appeared at that area.
"OooÅcÅcÅcÅcso you are safe, shidou."
Over there was?Tohka standing with her Raizen high school uniform which was
burnt in some places. It would seem that, together with Shidou and Yoshino, Tohka
who had been in the middle of a battle was also retrieved.
"Tohka?! Ar-Are you okay!?"
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
282 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
The moment Shidou said that, Tohka made a sigh?the hand that was holding the
sword and the light membranes that appeared on her body important parts,
disappeared into thin air.
"Umu. It's not a big dealÅcÅcÅcinstead of that, isn't your condition much more
worse?"
"AhÅcÅcÅcÅcÅc"
Having that pointed out; Shidou scratched the back of his head.
Shidou's clothes right now were dyed red with his own blood, and incidentally it
was also filled with holes.
"HiiÅcÅcÅcÅcÅc"
And, Yoshino raised a scared voice, and hid behind Shidou's shadow.
It would seem that she was still not good with Tohka. Shidou unintentionally made a
dry laugh.
"It's okay Yoshino. This girl is Tohka. She was with me?when we went to save
you."
When Shidou said that, Yoshino timidly brought her eyes to Tohka's face.
"Toh...kaÅcÅcÅcsan."
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcnu."
After Tohka saw Yoshino with a complicated expression, [umu] she then made a
small nod.
"HmmÅcÅc?"
And, Shidou eyebrows frowned.
Coming from the corridor, loud footsteps were echoing.
Then the door of the transporter room opened, and Kotori entered with her
breathing roughly.
"Ko-KotoriÅcÅcÅcÅc?"
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
283 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
After Shidou mouthed his surprise at the sudden intrusion, Kotori stared at Shidou's
whole body as if she was examining it.
And then,
"You?stupid brotherÅcÅcÅc!"
"HiguuhÅcÅcÅcÅc.!?"
Kotori held her fist aloft with all her strength and, let out a strong punch at Shidou's
solar plexus.
What's more, a miraculous twist was also added to the punch. It was an excellent
cork screw.
"GuhaaÅcÅcÅcÅcWhaÅcÅcwhat the heck are you doing!?"
"Doing something so stupidÅcÅcÅc! You should only listen to what I say!"
"Uh? What are you??"
Shidou wanted to raise an accusing voice but?he was stopped half-way through.
The reason is simple. It was because the sister that had just released a punch was
now, pressing her face into Shidou's chest, and putting her arms around his body
just like that, *Gyuu*, she inserted strength into her arms.
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcYou have to properly, make proper calculations on the recovery limit
beforehandÅcÅc..! And move accordingly to what I say, it will definitely be
saferÅcÅcÅcÅc"
"Koto...riÅcÅcÅcÅc"
Shidou exhaled, and patted Kotori's head.
"Sorry, for doing something rash."
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
284 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
285 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcYou seriously were thoughtless. Even an amoeba is more prudent. You
half-celled creature."
While Kotori was still pushing her face into his chest, *Blow*! And she blew her
nose, and finally let go of his body.
Shidou whose chest part of his shirt was smeared with snot, was scratching his
cheeks while making a wry smile.
However, Kotori was showing that she wasn't bothered about that. Speaking of
which?the moment her face left Shidou's chest, her usual addressing method of the
cold-tongued Commander mode returned.
"?Seriously, moving as you likeÅcÅcAll of you are getting examined from head to
the toe. So follow me."
She said that and *Pui* turned her head away, and left through the corridor.
"HahaÅcÅcÅcÅc"
After Shidou made a powerless laugh, he then turned his face towards Yoshino and
Tohka.
"OkayÅcÅcwell then, let's goÅcÅcÅcHmmÅcÅc?"
He wondered why, Tohka looked at Shidou with an unhappy face.
"TohkaÅcÅcÅcÅc? Is something wrong?"
"!, No-Nothing! Hurry up and let's go!"
When she said that, Tohka walked heavily.
"What's wrongÅcÅcÅcÅc.with her?"
After saying that, Shidou, moved his legs together with Yoshino and chased after
Tohka's back.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
286 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Epilogue: The Past that Starts to take
Action
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
287 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
288 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 1
"WhaÅcÅcÅcÅcWhat the hell is thissssssssssssssss!"
It had been two days since Yoshino's powers were sealed.
With the examinations done, Shidou and Tohka were finally allowed to return back
home. On that day, when he woke up in the morning, right beside the Itsuka
residence, something like an apartment building was standing there.
On the land that was vacant just two days ago, suddenly *Don*, it's there.
It was like getting tricked by a fox or a raccoon.
"WhatÅcÅcdidn't I tell you before? We were making a special residence just for the
Spirit's use."
And, from behind, the sleepy Kotori said that while rubbing her eyes.
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcÅc! Don't tell me this is the one you were talking aboutÅcÅc?"
"Yes. Although it looks like a normal apartment, the physical toughness is a hundred
times greater than normal, since the Realizer is also working, mana resistance is
also perfect. If there is a little violence, nothing abnormal will leak out."
"No, that is not what I was asking aboutÅcÅcÅc! When on earth did this thing get
builtÅcÅc! This is impossible to build in just 1 or 2 days!"
"Well. Even the JGSDF's disaster reconstruction team, can fix a destroyed building
in just one night too."
"WhaÅcÅcÅc?"
It seemed to be true after being told that. It must be the effects made by the Realizer
something.
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcWhich means, that the information about the residence being built
soon, was just a big play on words."
"Don't speak badly of others. I told you before that this is a trial period for Tohka
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
289 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
living outside."
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcNu."
There were a lot of things he couldn't swallow, but it was useless to continue
fighting back with her.
Kotori turned around, and walked in the direction of the house.
"?So with that reason, Tohka will be made to live next door starting tomorrow. I
already told Tohka. She should be packing up her belongings now?"
"Ah, aahÅcÅcÅcÅcI, see. I guess soÅcÅcÅc"
Shidou scratched his cheeks.
Well, she was going to be living here until the residential area was done in the first
place, and Shidou's mental health would finally become stable because of this
butÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcwhen the day finally came, it was not like he wouldn't feel a little
lonely.
"Ara what is it Shidou? Do you want to live with Tohka longer?"
"!, No, tha-that really isn't the caseÅcÅcÅcÅc"
Shidou denied in panic, but Kotori only shrugged her shoulders.
"Well, if you want to make some kind of mistake, your final chance to do it is
around today or tomorrow."
"WhaÅcÅcÅcwhat the heck are you sayingÅcÅc!"
"Sca~ary. Retreat retreat."
While Shidou was yelling with a red face, Kotori hopped and entered the house.
"ÅcÅcÅcSeriously, that Kotori."
Shidou scratched his head in relief and sighed before putting a foot into the house.
And?
"UnÅcÅcÅc?"
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
290 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Shidou unexpectedly raised his eyebrows.
There was a little girl wearing a cute one piece, and on her head a casket that was
covering her face, she ran out like she was hopping and approached him.
"! Yoshino!?"
Shidou called the little girl's name. The AstralDress was not covering her body but
?there was no mistake.
Either way, it was because there was a rabbit puppet being worn on the little girl's
left hand.
"Ya-Ha, Shidou-kun."
While the puppet *clatter* *clatter* was moving its mouth, a high pitched voice
echoed.
"I-I finally met you. Sorry I didn't say thanks about saving me before."
"Ah, noÅcÅcÅcÅcthat's okay. What are you doing here? Are the examinations all
over?"
"Un?, it's only the first examination. Although there are more, I told them I wanted
to say thanks to Shidou-kun. So I was given special permission to go outside a
little."
After saying that, the puppet was looking up at the sky as if it was looking at
<Fraxinus>.
"Well, with that explained, if the examinations are all done lets go on a date again
okay?"
"Ah, aahÅcÅcÅcokay."
"Fufu, well then, see you next time."
The puppet swung its small hands.
Thus, Yoshino twitched and swings her shoulders, and hesitantly faced towards
Shidou's direction.
"UnÅcÅcÅc..? What's wrong?"
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
291 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
"??Ah, erÅcÅcÅcÅc"
And, when Shidou heard that voice his shoulders sprung up.
That was not [Yoshinon] but instead it was, unmistakably Yoshino's natural voice.
"Is itÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcokay, if I come overÅcÅcÅcand playÅcÅcÅcagainÅcÅcÅc.?"
With that said, she timidly glanced in Shidou's direction.
"OÅcÅcÅcÅc.ou, come whenever you like!"
When Shidou replied with that, Yoshino's face brightened and she lowered her head,
then ran away.
"Fufu, great great. You worked hard."
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcUn."
Such a conversation was being exchanged with the puppet.
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅchaha."
Shidou made a small sigh and the end of his lips formed a smile.
Speaking of which, it might be the first time [Yoshino] was talking under the
condition of the puppet being put on.
Although he did not know the reason whyÅcÅcÅcÅche was a little happy.
"Well thenÅcÅcÅc"
After taking a light stretch, he then entered the house.
He ascended the stairs, and when he was about to enter his room, Shidou heard a
soft voice.
The door of the guest room located deep inside the corridor opened slowly, and
from there, half of Tohka's face was peeking out and looking in Shidou's direction.
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcWha-What is it?"
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅc"
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
292 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Shidou said that while making his eyebrows approach close together, and Tohka,
while being silent, put her hand out from the gap of the door, *swish* *swish* she
made a hand signal to come over.
"Are you saying come over here?"
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅc"
Tohka, then nodded. And then just like that, she sank back inside the room.
"ErrÅcÅcÅcÅc"
After a bewildered expression floated on Shidou's face for a while, he slowly took
his time and walked over.
And then *knock* *knock* he knocked just in case, before opening the door.
Tohka was at the right hand side of the room?and was standing in front of the
shelves placed close to the wall. In order to face each other, he continued walking
until he was in the middle of the room.
"Is there something wrong? Tohka?"
When Shidou asked her, Tohka bit her lips a little and then raised her face.
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcUn. You might have already heard this from Kotori but, starting from
tomorrow, it is decided that I will be staying next door."
"Ah, aahÅcÅcÅcÅclooks like it."
"SoÅcÅcÅcumm, there is something I want to have a talk about with shidou, while I
still can."
"Talk?"
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcUmu."
It was like Tohka had something hard to say, so she delicately turned her gaze away.
"Yesterday, during the examination, I heard a lot from...Kotori and Reine."
"??! ErrrrrrrÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcby a lot you meanÅcÅcÅcÅcÅc?"
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
293 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
"UnÅcÅcÅcÅcit was about Kotori and the others, how they are trying to save us, the
SpiritsÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcand shidou who is helping them with it."
After Tohka took a deep breath to slow her heartbeat, she fixed her gaze back to
Shidou.
"The talk I was referring to, is connected to that. ?shidou. I beg you. From now on,
if there are Spirits like me and Yoshino who appear, I want you to definitely save
them."
"EhÅcÅc?"
Shidou opened his eyes wide.
"From what Kotori said, it seems that there are a number of Spirits that are still not
confirmed. Among them, there should be some like me, those who do not want to
fight but are still dragged into it? that kind of thing, is just pitiful."
Tohka said that, while making a somewhat sad smile.
"That's why please. Using shidou's power, please save those Spirits. ÅcÅcÅcJust like
that time, when you saved me."
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅc"
Shidou swallowed his saliva and, looked at Tohka again.
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcErr, how I would put it? UmmmÅcÅcÅc"
*Kon* Shidou hit his forehead.
Because of Tohka and Yoshino's affair, he should have made up his mind, but for
some reason he was hesitant in wanting to put it into words. Shidou shook his head a
little before opening his mouth.
"?Aah. I plan on doing so."
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅc"
Although Tohka had gained the answer she had wished for, for some reason she was
smiling with a complicated face.
"UnÅcÅcÅcÅcI'm in your debt. ThereÅcÅcÅcÅcis one more thing, is it okay?"
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
294 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
"Yeah, what is it? Try saying it."
"UnÅcÅcÅc"
And, while Tohka was mumbling something and moving her mouth, she
immediately cast her face downwards.
"Eh? What did you say?"
She looked like she had said something but?he couldn't hear it.
While Shidou was trying to hear more clearly he took a step towards Tohka and?
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcUh!?"
He approached Tohka who had quickly raised her face, and immediately shortened
his breath.
Tohka put her arms around Shidou's neck, and pushed Shidou onto the nearby bed
just like that.
And then?
"UnguuuÅcÅcÅcÅc!?"
At that moment, after she showed something like she was hesitating, Tohka, slowly
joined her lips and Shidou's together.
From the sudden act, his brain fell into disorder and screamed.
He was thinking he was still inside his dream or something; if that was the case,
what kind of metaphor is in this dream Freud-sensei or something like that; he was
rushed with unavoidable thoughts in an instant.
But, without the help of pinching his cheeks to confirm if it was reality, the deployed
sensory organs in Shidou's whole body were continuously telling him that, THIS IS
REALITY!
The exclusive sweet fragrance that only girls had was tickling his nasal cavity.
Tohka's facial features were right in front of him. The comfortable weight leaning
against his whole body. And the soft limbs that made him instinctively want to
embrace them.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
295 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Furthermore?the sensation of the lips that can't be described with words and the
taste of liquid fluids that does not belong to him.
With all of that mixed together, the joint sensations trampled all of Shidou's brain
cells.
Unable to resist or adapt to the situation, 10 seconds passed.
"PuhaaaÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅc"
It would seem that during the kiss, she has stopped breathing. As if she was
attempting to take a breather, Tohka exhaled.
And while still taking a mount position, she stared at Shidou's eyes.
"To-TohkaÅcÅcÅcwhat did youÅcÅcÅcÅcÅc?"
When Shidou said that, Tohka's continued on with her sight unchanged and still in
the same place.
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcI'll take this as my repayment for this time."
"EhÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅc?"
Shidou made a flat voice and replied, and Tohka turned her eyes away in
embarrassment.
"ÅcÅcÅcI wonder why. It's just an act of lips touching togetherÅcÅcÅcbut it doesn't
feel bad. And mysteriously?I don't want to do it with any humans other than shidou.
ÅcÅcÅcÅctogether with thatÅcÅcI don't know if this is correct or wrong butÅcÅc
when shidouÅcÅcerr, was inside the building or something and was kissing with
Yoshino, how can I put thisÅcÅcÅcÅcI had a bad feeling."
While Shidou was still unresponsive, Tohka continued talking while embarrassed.
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcThat's why. Err, regarding about thatÅcÅcÅcÅcdon't do it, with anyone
else, anymore."
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcEh? Errrr?"
It would seem that Tohka was not told what method was used to seal the Spirit's
power. What a self-contradicting request. The request she was demanding was
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
296 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
something impossible.
"Reply!"
"YÅcÅcYes.Åh
But Shidou was overpowered by Tohka, and accidentally agreed with her.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
297 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
298 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 2
Right now in the briefing room located at one corner of the JGSDF Tenguu city
garrison, combat-personnel and non-combat personnel were lined up in a row.
The report session of the operation few days ago, as well as for the strategic
meeting for the new Spirit reading that was observed in the neighborhood, all of
this was collected because of Ryouko's order.
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅc"
Inside of that, the JGSDF member Origami was in her normal appearance and while
being silent, as if to suppress her displeased mind, she was staring at her hand
placed on top of the table.
?2 days ago
Because of [Princess]'s obstruction, [Hermit] managed to escape in the end.
In addition, the [Princess]'s figure, also suddenly disappeared during the middle of
the battle.
What's more?it was a different reading from what was usually left behind when she
went Lost.
Although all of the members that were frozen together with their Territory by
[Hermit] were safe butÅcÅcÅcÅcEven if the AST did defeat the Spirit in the end, they
were not given any large accomplishments, and the only thing left to do was just to
return back to base.
It was only normal to be in a foul mood.
Furthermore, she still did not know whether Shidou who was supposed to be in
Origami's house, went to the city when the alarm was ringing or not?incidentally,
for some reason the puppet that she picked up a few days ago, had also disappeared
from her houseÅcÅcÅcÅcShe was a little fond of it though.
Of course, it was not like she doubted Shidou.
Instead of that, by any chance if Shidou did steal Origami's personal belongings, it
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
299 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
is a good thing in its own way; Origami planned not to make any further questions
regarding this.
And?at that moment, the room door opened, Ryouko who was the AST captain
showed her face.
All of the members in the briefing room stood up all at once, and saluted.
"Ah? it's okay. Sit down, sit down."
When Ryouko said that annoyed, she stood in front of everyone.
"Now then, I guess everyone is assembled. ?Well then, I was planning to
immediately start with the meeting butÅcÅcÅcÅcbefore that. While everyone is
happy I have terrible news."
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcÅc?"
When the members made curious faces, *Sigh* Ryouko sighed.
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcSince the appearance of Spirits in Tenguu city is large, and we are in the
position of needing to provide more results. Additional personnel has been assigned
to join us."
"Additional personnelÅcÅcÅcis it?"
"Yeah. A very energetic top ace. In terms of using the Realizer, it is not surprising
that she is in the top 5 in the world. ?In fact, it would seems that she has killed a
Spirit alone."
"ÅcÅcÅcÅc!?"
From Ryouko's words, the members started getting noisy.
That was only normal. It takes 10 elite members to go against a Spirit that was
beyond one's capacity, and that one person took on a Spirit all alone.
Getting the responses that Ryouko predicted, she shrugged her shoulders, and then
looked to the door which she entered from a while ago.
"?Enter."
"Yes."
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
300 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
As if to reply back to Ryouko's voice, a cute sound echoed.
And then the door opened once again?and one girl walked into the room.
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcÅc!?"
In an instant, all the lined up AST members in the briefing room, raised their
eyebrows all at once.
But, that was normal. That was because the person that entered, was a girl that no
matter how you look at her was a middle-school student.
She had an intelligent face, and a ponytail tied at the back of her head. She was a
characteristic girl with a black mole right under her left eye.
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅc"
Origami, twitched and moved her shoulders. ?On that girl's face, she felt like she
saw it somewhere before.
"I am second lieutenant Takamiya Mana, please to make your acquaintance from
now on."
Mana turned around with a JGSDF uniform that looks like a cosplay item, and then
saluted.
"First Lieutenant KusakabeÅcÅcÅcÅcÅc.who is she?"
A member, threw a question to Ryouko.
Ryouko [This question came as predicted haaÅcÅcÅc] made such a face and opened
her mouth.
"I told you just now right. It's the Top Ace-sama I spoke of earlier."
"HaaaÅcÅcÅc.!?"
All of the members frowned together all at once.
Mana tilted her head wondering what was up with everyone's reaction.
"Is there anything wrong?"
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
301 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
She said that, with normal respect to everyone.
"What do mean by what's wrong?ÅcÅcÅcÅc.Y-You...aren't you still a kid?!?"
When one member said that, Mana *Fuuu* exhaled.
"I don't think there are any problems with that. It is not related to this and a person's
age is just an individual's characteristic. ?Or is there one amongst you that can
defeat me?"
Mana said that, and it's not like she was using sarcasm, but she was just stating the
truth.
"WhaÅcÅcÅc?"
That member who asked was staring in astonishment, due to the fact that she did not
predict that she would get such a reply back.
"Looks to me, among those here?"
And, Mana set her gaze in Origami's direction.
"?it should be around your level. Although the percentage is low but you look like
you have a chance."
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅc"
Origami did not reply back, and silently faced back.
When she did that, Ryouko *Pokan* hit Mana's head lightly.
"Quit your useless babbling. I'm going to be showing the images from the day
before yesterday, so hurry up and sit somewhere vacant."
"Yes."
Mana replied with that short sentence, and with beautiful footwork, she went and sat
beside Origami.
"Well thenÅcÅcÅcÅc"
And, when Ryouko operated the buttons near the wall, a screen descended from the
ceiling, and the room's lightings dimmed. She then operated the terminal on her
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
302 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
hand, and immediately, the image of the battle conditions from 2 days appeared.
The images of when Origami was trying to break the barrier [Hermit] constructed
was shown on the screen?
"?an interference, entered here."
The same time when Ryouko said that with an irritated voice, [Princess]'s figure was
shown on the screen.
Ryouko, made the screen zoom in?and in front of the barrier, there was one boy
confirmed standing in front of it.
Origami gasped a little. There was no mistake. That was?Shidou.
And,
"ÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcUh."
Mana sitting beside her suddenly clutched her head, and made a small groan.
For a while Mana used her hands and pressed the side of her head as if to suppress a
headache but?she immediately raised her face, *gataa* and the sound of her
standing up was heard.
"HmmÅcÅc? What is it? Something wrong?"
Ryouko said it with a doubtful voice.
But Mana didn't reply and, stared at Shidou being shown on the screen, she then
opened her mouth.
"?Onii-sama?"
"ÅcÅcÅcÅc?"
Origami frowned, and looked at the side of Mana's face.
And then?she realized the true face of the weird feeling she just had.
That girl, gave off the same atmosphere, as that of Itsuka Shidou.
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
303 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Afterword
Long time no see its Tachibana Koushi here.
If you bought the 2nd volume and ignored the 1st, and if you used this rare and
unusual method do so, then nice to meet you I am Tachibana Koushi. If you bought
volume 1 and 2 together and have just read the afterwords of Volume 1 a moment
ago, then nice to meet you again itÅfs Tachibana Koushi which is smiling daringly
while tilting a glass.
How did you like the [Date A Live 2 Yoshino Puppet]? .I would feel happy if you
enjoyed it.
The Heroine we are going to be talking about this time would be the second Spirit
Yoshino.
Although this character Åfs name took a lot of tries but, it felt like YoshinoÅfs name
was picked relatively easy without any difficulties. On the contrary Shidou and
ReineÅfs have nice complications in it, a little before when the completed manuscript
reached the name Tohka, I accidentally wrote hers as [000]. What is up with that
broadcast banned Heroine.
But this Yoshino, during the design explanation from my supervisor, [I see, it feels
like she is a jungle girl] I was told that and [!?] I became like that.
ÅgJungle girlÅh
ÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcHmm? That is YoshinoÅfs image before it has been changed. Her image
was something like a muscular Amazoness type of some sort. she would be a
Japanese-style Amazoness and the name, would feel like [Yushinuo Lelebul
Pocahontas]. They were afraid of the rival tribes [Crazy storm], and would also be
the type of roughnecks that would be the ones that go on a rampage in the forest.
Their favorite food is raw meat.
And, when I was in the biggest misunderstand, I was informed that the [Jungle girl]
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
304 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
was suppose to be a [Fairy-like female that lives in a forest].
Eeeh----even If I was unwilling give up, but that was like getting sniped by someone
lurking inside a thicket with camouflage clothings.
And, over here there is an announcement I would like to make.
According to the next prediction, [Date A Live 3] will be the next one to be
published.
And it was planned that [Soukyuu no Karma 8] would be published after that. To the
readers that are reading the [Karma], it would be helpful if you were to wait a little
more.
To the people of, I never read [Karma] before! then please use this chance to read it.
Addition to that, it would seem that the comic for [Date A Live] has been decided.
YaHoi!.
For more detail informationÅfs will, please wait a little longer.
Well then this time too, thanks to various methods and efforts that this book was
created. Of course the illustrator supervisor Tsunako-san, and the design supervisor,
thank you for the first- class work each time you all assisted me with. I have been
under your care seriously.
The next one. In [Date A Live 3], unlike Tohka and Yoshino, it was planned that a
evil Spirit will be entering the stage. It would make me happy if you are looking for
it.
Now then, I pray that we would be able meet again.
Tachibana Koushi
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
305 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Translation Notes and References
Chapter 1:
1. Å™ A suicidal attack used in the World War, where airplanes crashes into the
enemy, also known as God Wind
2. Å™ is a form of cloth headgear that covers the whole head, exposing only part of
the face. Usually only the eyes or both eyes and mouth are left exposed.
3. Å™ toy from Fukushima prefecture in the shape of a red cow, also used as a
talisman against smallpox
Chapter 2:
1. Å™ A Japanese homemade lunch usually in a small open lid box that contains rice
and multiple side dishes.
2. Å™ A comedic way to talk back to someone
3. Å™ Is a type of Japanese video game centered on interactions with attractive
anime-styled girls. These games are a sub-genre of dating sims usually
targeting towards male audience
4. Å™ Territory - sphere of influence created by the CR-unit, allowing their
imagination to become reality
5. Å™ Lost - term given when a Spirit returns to the other dimension
6. Å™ Chihuahua - a small breed of dog.
Chapter 3:
1. Å™ a pose done by having the arms moving up and down parallel
2. Å™ A bowl of rice topped with eggs and chicken
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oyakodon
3. Å™ meaning something along the lines of "I will humbly receive." It is customary
in Japanese culture to say this before every meal.
Chapter 4:
1. Å™ A Japanese way of saying "letÅfs begin eating" used as manners in Japan
2. Å™ A Trick performed in the Yu-Gi-Oh series when the player would flip a trap
card. In this case it would be, Origami using one of the tricks under her sleeves
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
306 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations
Chapter 5:
1. Å™ Birdlime is an adhesive substance used in trapping birds
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Birdlime
Back to Volume 1 Return to Main Page Forward to Volume 3
Date A Live Volume 2 "Yoshino Puppet"
307 of 307 converted by Infinite Creations