Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
1 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
2 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
3 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
4 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
5 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
6 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Chapter 6: The One Struggling
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
7 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
8 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 1
gcc..err, are you done yet?h
Itsuka Shidou twitched his shoulders when a timid voice called out to him.
It seems Shidou dozed off for a while. When he looked towards the direction of the
voice, he found out that the small girl wearing glasses----Teacher Okamine Tamae
AKA Tama-chan was holding the memo towards Shidou while making a troubled
expression. It looks like she couldnft move because Shidou was looking at it with a
very serious look.
g! Y-Yesc..Thank youc.very muchh
After Shidou said that, he took a small bow before reverting back his posture.
Nevertheless, it was only natural for Shidou to have his eyes stolen by the memo.
The reason was simple. The date written there----was a date 5 years before [Today].
After Shidou gulped to wet his throat, he looked at his surroundings once more.
From what he could see, the buildings were slightly arranged different from his
memories.
The different seasonal scenery from just now.
And also------Tama-chan-sensei does not know of Shidou.
Those factors slowly back up the unbelievable information written on her memo.
gThen, I will be leaving now okaycc?h
Tama-chan tilted her head while asking. Shidou, who was immersed in thought
while his eyebrows were closer, widen his eyes in surprise.
gAh, yeahcc.Sorry and thank youh
After Shidou said that, Tama-chan twisted her head in wonder while leaving the
place.
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
9 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
After seeing her move away, he leaned his back against a fence.
gcccc..5 years ago? Youfve got to be kidding me?h
Shidou pressed his forehead and groaned. There was a conflict occurring in his
head because of his common sense trying to laugh off this absurd situation, and the
various proofs shown in his view were colliding.
Thatfs normal. Time is unalterable and inviolable. Itfs impossible for a time that
passed to return back once more.
However, Shidou could not deny that fact.
There was one possibility scratching his mind. Right before Shidou came to this
world, he encountered a certain girl.
gKuru-mi-------g
After squeezing out that name from his dry throat, Shidou vividly recalled back that
girl in his mind. She has unbalanced eyes, black hair, and white skin decorated with
a crimson black dress. She also has a clock dial on her left eye.
Kurumi. Tokisaki Kurumi. The name of the worst unsealed Spirit.
She has an Angel known as <Zafkiel>. Its ability---was controlling time.
Each of the clock-shaped Angel's numbers had different abilities and by pouring the
shadow coming from the number into her pistol, she can choose to accelerate,
decelerate or even stop her targetfs time.
And right before he came to this world, Shidou got shot twice by Kurumifs bullet.
He touched his unwounded forehead while gulping.
The existence of the Spirit and Angel, which are out of the realm of reason.
With her powers, it might be possible----
g-----Kihihihih
gccc!?h
And thus. When Shidou was immersed in thought, he could hear a small laugh
coming from somewhere.
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
10 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gWh-Who is it!?h
gOh my, this is sad. Have you already forgotten about me?h
Shidou gulped when he heard that voice and tone.
gNo wayc..Kurumi!?h
gYes, yes. Ufufu, I am glad you realized thath
The owner of the voice----Kurumi, continued talking. It was a weird feeling. He
could hear her voice clearly even though he couldn't see her anywhere. Itfs felt as if
an invisible person was whispering into his ears or maybe, tiny people settled down
inside his head.
He quickly looked to the right and left. However, he could not see any human
shadows anywhere nearby. Kurumi giggled maybe because she felt that Shidoufs
state was funny.
gUfufu, doing that is meaningless.----Thatfs because, I am currently in a different
[time] from Shidou-sanh
gWhac!?h
Shidou gasped after hearing Kurumifs words.
[That] was the possibility that overheated Shidoufs mind just now but, now that he
was told this again, he could feel a strong squeeze on his heart. The feeling of
getting lost into this unknown world and an indescribable anxiety spread out inside
him.
However, after Shidou managed to fix his wild breathing, he threw his words to
Kurumi, who he has no idea where she was.
gLike I thought-----This is Tenguu city from 5 years agocc.right?h
gOh myh
Kurumi let out an expected voice.
gYou already found out [When] that place is? Ufufu, as expected from (of) youh
gcccI was just lucky. More importantly------mind giving an explanation?h
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
11 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
After Shidou brought his eyebrows closer and said that, Kurumi replied back with a
[Yes].
gJust like what you thought, I sent Shidou-san back to Tenguu City from 5 years
ago.-----That is the power of [ ]; Zafkielfs last bulleth
g[ ]cc..h
Most likely, itfs one of the abilities <Zafkiel> owns. He recognizes that itfs an Angel
with immense powers but, he never would have imagined that this was possible.
gAlso, the reason why I am able to talk to Shidou-san now, is also because of
<Zafkiel>fs power. The [ ]. Itfs a bullet that allows me to connect to a personfs
thoughts in a different time axis. -----well, itfs a bullet I donft use a lot so I'm not
used to it and it takes some effort to connect my thoughtsh
gConnectingccyour thoughts?h
gYes. Obviously for talking to you, I am able to share what Shidou-san hears and
see tooh
gcccit doesnft feel good thoughh
Shidou looked down before closing and opening his hands. Is this scene being
transferred to Kurumi too? ............it feels like a remote control robot.
gUfufu, with that said, please refrain yourself from actions that no one can say
(speak about). I donft mind it at all thoughh
gI-I wonft!h
He shouted back in reflex to Kurumifs joke. A girl coincidentally walking past him
quickly passed by Shidou with a look as if she was looking at a suspicious person.
gAn-anyway. Hurry up and send me back to my time! I have no time for this farce!
Right when I am doing this, the girls arec..!
Shidou shouted while clenching his fist.
Yes. Shidou has to go back to his time as fast as possible.
Right now in the Tenguu city of his original time, a great disaster was attacking.
12th bullet
Yud Bet
12th bullet
Yud Bet
Tet
9th bullet
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
12 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Countless beams were shot down from an inversed Origami, who suddenly
appeared in the sky and was turning the whole city into rubble.
Tohka, the Yamai sisters, and Miku were trying to stop Origami while Yoshino and
Natsumi headed into the city to save the people in the city. Adding on to the problem,
<Fraxinus> got shot down by Origami when it came to help Shidou, starting with
Kotori and the crew, he had no clue about their welfare. In that situation, Shidou,
who has the power to seal a Spiritfs Reiryoku was not present. Imagining the
problems occurring at his world was not hard at all.
gWell-----Thatfs true; itfs terrible on this side. Itfs only scorched earth from what I
can see. No matter how hell looks, it probably doesnft look as gruesome as thish
gccc.! Then hurry up and-----g
However. Kurumi made a sigh as if she was fully aware of that.
gSeriously, are you okay with that? Returning back to your time without doing
anything. I even went through all the trouble and sent you back to the past with
<Zafkiel>fs secret of secret-[ ]h
gccc..? Whatcc.do you mean?h
Without understanding what Kurumi said, Shidou groaned.
gJust like what it means.------If Shidou-san wants to fix that despair-like situation,
the only way is to do something about the Origami-san of 5 years agoh
gOrigami, whatcc.? Wai-wait just a second. I donft get you. Well, obviously
Origami is here too but, shefs an elementary school student 5 years ago right? Just
what-----g
gNo, youfre wrong. The Origami-san you will be meeting will the one that has
already turned into a Spirit.-----I should have sent her back 5 years ago with my [
]h
gHahc..!?h
Shidou let out his inner voice in reflex.
gOrigamiccto this time!?h
12th bullet
Yud Bet
12th bullet
Yud Bet
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
13 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gYes. There is still some time left since I sent Shidou-san further up the past so,
she hasnft appeared yet, I will send her there after a whileh
gWhat is going on? Why did you send Origami back 5 yearsccc..h
gTo kill her parentfs killer. More specifically-----to kill the enemy before she
became the [Killer]h
gccc.!!h
Shidou felt his heart get squeezed each time Kurumi talked.
The information in his head reached one intersection point.
5 years ago, Origamifs parents got killed by a Spirit. Origami gained the power
transcending human knowledge. And-----Kurumifs [ ].
gDid Origamicccccome back to defeat <<Phantom>cccc..?h
5 years ago. Shidou mumbled while recalling back the other Spirit at the fire
disaster.
gBut, then why is Origami inversed when she came back to the original time! Just
what the hell happened in this time!?h
gThatccccceven I have no idea. In order to find and stop that----I shot [
] at youh
gccc.I seeh
Shidou placed his hand on his chest to suppress his heartbeat which was pumping
wildly from just now.
Look into Origamifs movements who came back 5 years, pinpoint the reason for
her inverse and fix that problem. If what Kurumi says is correct, that seems like the
only way.
However-----there was still one thing he doesn't get. Shidou sharpened his sights as
if to glare at the invisible girl while moving his lips.
gcc..Kurumi. If what you say is correct, then why are you doing this? Not only
me. You got asked from Origami to send her back 5 years in the first place right?"
12th bullet
Yud Bet
12th bullet
Yud Bet
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
14 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Yes. That was the part that he doesn't understand.
Within a Spiritfs outside reason, Kurumi was especially a different existence. Itfs
true that Shidou was saved by Kurumi once before but, that was because it was
within her interests too. Itfs unbelievable to think that she would use her Angel for
someone else.
After Shidou said that, Kurumi made a moment of silence before replying back.
gI donft particularly have any benefitcccccc.is that what you mean? I donft
have many chances to test shot [ ] with someone else Reiryoku anyway.
Butccc..letfs seeh
After exhaling, Kurumi continued.
gIn a forced attempt to put it into words; I just wanted proofh
gProof? What proof?h
g-----The fact that humans can change historyh
Kurumifs tone when she said that was a little different from her usual joking tone
and Shidou gulped when he heard that.
gChange historycc.h
gYes. I wanted to see it. I wanted to see if she could turn this hopeless destruction
and tragedy, into something that never happenedh
gThatc.....is it possible for me? I heard that historyccchas something like
correction powers too butcch
Shidou said it with a difficult face. Itfs not like he was knowledgeable about SF but,
he heard of that theory before when he saw a time leap movie last time.
Basically, after returning back to the past with a time machine, even if a huge event
that might change history occurred, a similar event will correct that change and
form a world similar to the original history.
But. Kurumi laughed at Shidoufs words.
gThat was a weird thing you said, Shidou-sanh
12th bullet
Yud Bet
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
15 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
A charming breath echoed in Shidoufs mind. If Kurumi was here, then she would've
definitely lifted Shidoufs chin provocatively.
gWho was the one that proposed that? Did that person actually demonstrate time
travel?h
gT-thatfsccc.h
gNo matter how big the world is, Tokisaki Kurumi is the only person that can
interfere with irreversible time. And also this <Zafkiel>. Please donft lend your
ears to nonsense made by smart scholars and authors. The thing you-Shidou-san
looking right now, is the only truthh
Kurumi said it with a plain tone.
Itfs as if she was telling that to herself instead of Shidou.
gKurumiccc?h
gccc.it looks like I talked too much. Even though I shot [ ] with time
to spare, you canft stay there for too long. Letfs begin the operationh
Kurumi regained her composure and talked. Shidou clenched his teeth before
swinging his head vertically.
There are many things still in the unknown. But, in order to stop Origami from
inversing and save the city from turning into hell, itfs certain that this was the only
way.
gYeahc..letfs go, Kurumih
After saying that, Shidou lifted his face and turned the direction of his toes.
Origamifs goal is to defeat the Spirit that killed her parents. And that Spirit is most
likely----<Phantom>. If that is the case then, it should be appearing at the Tenguu
Nankou town which was the place of the fire disaster.
Shidou clenched his fist to make up his mind and ran to the destination.
He doesnft know the exact time but, the sun was already setting. However, Shidoufs
body was burning without him knowing that the summer sun has become weak. Each
time Shidou moved his hands and legs, sweat will flow out and would mercilessly
12th bullet
Yud Bet
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
16 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
take away his stamina.
However, Shidou didnft stop. He had no idea how long he can stay in this age
(time)----and more importantly, the girls were working hard in his original time so,
he couldn't just stand still and do nothing.
After running for how long, Shidou reached a familiar place.
gNankou, towncch
His speed gradually fell and he mumbled the name of the city in between his wild
breathing.
Yes. It was the scenery of Tenguu Nankou town before it was covered in flames.
It was a weird feeling. His emotions were slightly shaken by nostalgia when he saw
the city he used to live in.
And---at that moment.
gAhccc..h
A certain discovery stopped Shidoufs legs by reflex.
gIs there something wrong, Shidou-sanh
Kurumi asked him suspiciously. However, Shidou couldnft reply her.
The scene in front of Shidou, it was one house.
It was a double story house with a characteristic deep red roof. It wasnft really that
special that it would attract someonefs eye butcccc.the moment Shidou saw it,
he couldnft move as if he got paralyzed.
That was the house Shidou lived in 5 years ago.
Nevertheless, the house itself wasnft the reason why Shidou stopped.
The moment he saw it, one thought grazed his mind.
5 years ago. Shidou was currently at Tenguu city from 5 years back. It was the day,
Origami lost her parents to a Spirit and she vowed to kill that Spirit.
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
17 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
However, that wasnft the only thing that occurred 5 years ago. At that moment
Origami saw her parentfs killer, the city was covered in flames.
---It was the flames caused by Shidoufs sister, Itsuka Kotori.
Kurumi said this. She told me to come in contact with Origami, who came back 5
years and make the inverse [Never happened].
Shidou accidentally thought it. Thenc..it might be possible to turn the fact that
Kotori turned into a Spirit, into something that [Never Happened].
If Kotori is at home right now, he wondered if he could tell her not to go to the park
today along with staying away from the spot where she encountered <Phantom>.
The moment that thought passed his mind, Shidoufs legs unconsciously moved in
front to his house.
It was faint memories but, 5 years ago on August 3rd; Shidou should have gone out
to the city to buy a birthday present for Kotori. There was no chance for meeting his
old self here. In a familiar manner, Shidou opened the gates and walked to the
house's back door after passing the garden.
At that moment, the nameplate with the word [Itsuka] was reflected onto his eyes. At
that point, Kurumi guessed Shidoufs actions. She then said it with a little stronger
tone.
gShidou-san, I understand your feelings but, please give up on Kotori-sanh
gI donft plan on neglecting Origamicc! But----g
gThat is not it. If Kotorifs never became a Spirit; even you know what kind of
influence will happen 5 years later after [That moment]h
gc.! Ah-----g
Shidou widen his eyes when he was told that.
The possibility that Kotori wouldnft have to turn into a Spirit blinded his eyes and
he didnft think about it. If Kotori did not become a Spirit----<Ratatoskr> wouldnft
have found her.
If that happens; <Ratatoskr> wouldnft know that Shidou has sealing abilities and the
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
18 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
fact that the powers of Tohka, Yoshino, Kaguya, Yuzuru, Miku and Natsumi were
sealed would [Never happened]. That was something that must be avoided at all cost.
Shidou ground his teeth before swinging his head.
gccc.Sorry. Looks like blood rushed up to my headh
gNo. The possibility to fix the past is a poisonous high-grade wine that will cause
people to go crazy. I don't blame Shidou-san for thath
Kurumi said it with an understanding tone.
Shidou slightly brought his eyebrows closer. Just like just now, he could not feel
any self-admonition included in Kurumifs words.
However, itfs only natural once he thought about it. The possibility to change the
past. That is something anyone would wish for. Shidou could not even begin to
imagine what kind of anguish and thoughts Kurumi, who has this authority, had until
now.
gHey, Kurumi, you-----g
The moment Shidou was about to talk to Kurumi, he could hear a voice coming
from the back door.
gItsuka-san, itfs Suzumoto from next doorh
gccc..!?h
Shidou twitched his shoulders when a voice suddenly appeared.
gNot here I wonderccc..lets go in and checkh
After saying that, the sound of the door opening could be heard.
It was Suzumoto-san, who used to live next door 5 years ago. She would often share
vegetables sent over from the countryside butc..now that he think about it, he had
memories of her often placing vegetables at the front of the back garden when
Shidou and his family wasnft around.
He was thankful to her for doing that but, the timing now was just plain terrible.
Thatfs because right now, it the 5 years later high-school Shidou instead of the
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
19 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
elementary school Shidou. He looks like an intruder from all angles. If he was
reported to the police then it would consume much of his precious time.
gWha-what am I going to docc..!h
Suzumoto-sanfs footsteps were slowly approaching when he was doing that. Even
though he looked around in panic, there was no place to hide. There was nothing to
be done.
---and at that moment. A certain idea grazed Shidoufs anxious mind.
g-----Oh my?h
The housewife next door-Suzumoto Naoko stepped into the Itsuka house's back
garden and found one boy there.
Hefs probably in upper-level elementary school. His neuter and cute face was
characteristic.
gOh Shidou-kun, you were here. Sorry. Nobody came when I rang the doorbellh
gccccn-no! Itfs my fault for missing itccc..h
The eldest son of this family-Itsuka Shidou said it while making an uncomfortable
smile for some reason. Naoko twisted her head in wonder before handing over the
plastic bag she was holding to Shidou.
gThis was sent over from the countryside and if itfs okay with you all, go ahead and
eat ith
gT-thank you very much. Itfs really helpfulh
Shidou accepted the plastic bag and took a bow.
gcccA-ra?h
gErr, is there something?h
gNo, itfs just that Shidou-kunfs atmosphere is different from usual?h
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
20 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gEh!? N-no, I donft think thatfs true thoughccc.h
gReally? Uuuuncccit was my imagination I guesscccc.well forget it. Give
that to your mom okayh
gYes, thank you very muchh
Naoko heard Shidoufs voice while exiting the Itsuka house's garden.
gccc..Haaah
After seeing Suzumoto-san leave the garden, Shidou made a big sigh.
gUfufu, that was a good idea, Shidou-sanh
gcccaah, Ifm glad it worked out nicelyh
Even though Kurumi said that, he replied back while wiping off his sweat. After he
did that, he found out that his hand that he used to wipe off his sweat with was
smaller than his usual hand in his memories.
It wasnft only his hand. His torso, legs and even the clothes covering his body has
turned small.
Yes. When Shidou was about to be seen by his neighbor, the thought that grazed his
mind was the other Spirits turned into children when Natsumi used her Angel
<Haniel> that occurred once before.
If Shidou was an elementary school student, it wouldnft be weird for him to be there.
And, Shidou already sealed Natsumifs reiryoku. Then, it was possible for him to try
this outcccc.unlike Tohkafs <Sandalphon> or Yoshinofs <Zadkiel>, but, he
somehow managed to make it work.
gSorry, I wasted some time. Letfs goh
After placing the plastic bag he just received on the edge of the garden, Shidou
talked to Kurumi before pouring strength into his body.
But.
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
21 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gcc.hnn?h
gIs there something wrong?h
gNoccc.how do I revert back?h
Shidou frowns his eyebrows while sweat was flowing down his cheeks. Itfs because
he suddenly transformed, he has no clue on how to turn back.
gOh my, that is a problem. You have to head over to Origami-san nowh
gHnccc..I have to revert back somehow orcc.h
When Shidou closed his eyes and groaned, Kurumi leaked a giggle in his head.
gShidou-san, before you turn back, can you please stand in front of a mirror just
once?h
gEh? Why?h
gI canft see Shidou-san face, which turned cute from this angleh
gcccyouh
Shidou half-opened his eyes while making a sigh.
But----at that moment.
gcccc.!?h
The sky suddenly glow red and Shidou immediately turned over to that direction.
Opposite the well-ordered (organized) house roofs, a giant fire pillar soared and at
that moment, it dispersed mid-air and attacked the whole area nearby with a wave of
scorching heat.
The whole city was wrapped in flames instantly; trees and houses were burning.
Several screams and shouts appeared nearby and the citizens started evacuating.
gThis isccKotorifs!?h
gIt seems, that is the caseh
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
22 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Kurumi replied to Shidoufs question. Shidou clenched his teeth in regret. It seems,
Kotori has already gone to that park.
And now, Kotori was turned to the Spirit <Efreet> by <Phantom>.
gKuhccc..!h
Shidou could not stand still anymore and ran from the spot. His body was still small
but, he couldnft ask for any luxury. Kotori turning into a Spirit means that
<Phantom> is there-----meaning that, Origami will travel through time to go to that
place.
However, the group of citizens evacuating and destroyed houses from the flames
was blocking the road making it hard for him to advance.
Shidou searched his memories from 5 years back to find an alternative road; and
somehow managed to reach that particular park.
gcccc.! Thatfs------g
The moment Shidou reached that park. There were already 3 people there.
One of them was a young crying Kotori. Another was Shidou from 5 years ago,
lying on the ground face first.
And-----a noise-like [Something] was standing there looking down at the both of
them.
g<Phantom>cc..!h
And, the moment Shidou called that name.
A beam poured down from the sky and erased <Phantom>.
gcccc..!h
Shidou felt sparks in his head.
Thatfs right. Shidou knows this scene. 5 years ago, itfs true that <Phantom> was shot
by a beam from the sky.
Shidou immediately looked up. He looked up at the direction of the source of the
beam.
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
23 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
When he did that, he recognized a person there.
She was a beautiful girl covered with a magical white dress with several [Wings]
accompanying her. However, her face right now looked frightening because of
anger and hatred.
gOrigamicc.!h
Shidou shouted in reflex. Yes, over there, was the Spirit-Tobiichi Origami who
travelled through time to come here.
It was still a mystery on how Origami turned into a Spirit. However, Origami was
still not an inverse-type yet.
Most likely----it was going to occur now.
Origami will turn, by an event that caused that firm girl stand into the abyss of
despair.
Up in the sky with Origami, <Phantom> who had just disappear could be seen with
her there. Most probably, it dodged Origamifs attack and ran to the sky.
Once Origami swung her hand, the [Wing] surrounding Origami shot beams
towards <Phantom>.
Like a signal, both of them started flying in the sky.
gShidou-san, please follow her. You will lose her like thish
gA-aah!h
Shidou quickly replied to Kurumifs words and started running into the burning city
to follow them.
Origami repeatedly shot beams to attack <Phantom> but, <Phantom> dodged all of
them and it seems that it wasnft countering back. Just like a game of tag, it flew
around everywhere in the sky.
gOrigami! Origami! Itfs me! Listen! You have to stop now, if this goes on you will
?!g
Shidou desperately shouted at them while chasing them but, there was no response at
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
24 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
all. However, that was natural. Not only were they far apart, she was right now in
front of her sworn enemy who she has been continuously targeting her growing
grudge at.
But, he canft just give up because of that reason. He desperately chased after the 2
while shaking his throat.
gOrigami! Origami!h
ggOrigami!hh
And.
gEhcc.?h
Shidou stopped and looked back at the ground when he heard a sudden voice other
than his echoed.
Over there was a male and female, thought to be a couple. Most likely, they ran out
from their burning house. Both of their clothes were dirty and several small wounds
could be seen on them.
In an instant, Shidou wondered why they called Origamifs name but-----he
immediately knew the reason.
At the direction that they were facing, an elementary school girl could be seen there.
She has a hairstyle around shoulder length and a smart face.
Yescccthatfs Origami from 5 years ago.
gFather, Mother--------!h
Origami shouted, with tears at the side of her eyes from the happiness of knowing
that her parents were safe.
But, immediately afterwards.
gcccc..!?h
Shidou felt his view turned pure white.
Afterwards, a strong impact attacked nearby, and Shidoufs body easily got blown
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
25 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
away since it turned small.
gGuah!h
Shidou slammed towards the block fence and leaked a painful voice.
gShidou-san, are you okay?h
gY-yeah somehow. More importantly----g
Shidou managed to raise his body and looked towards Origami and the couple
thought to be her parents.
---and.
gWha-----g
Shidou lost his words when he saw them.
There was a giant crater instead of the couple who were there just a moment ago,
and several [Parts] which used to be 2 humans were scattered about mercilessly.
A normal person would probably throw up as it was such a gruesome scene.
However, Shidou remained opening his eyes without moving.
Thatfs because-----he saw it.
The scene Origami from 5 years ago, who saw it in a closer position than Shidou.
gA-ahcc..ahccc..Ahhhhhhhhhhhhh-----------g
Origami made a blurry voice while crawling to the object that used to be her parents
as if she was depending on it.
Next off, she grinded her teeth before looking up-----she lifted her face and glared
at the source of the pillar of light.
And,
gAn---gelcc..h
Origami mumbled while looking up at the sky.
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
26 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Shidou lifted his face as if he got flicked by Origamifs voice----and mumbled.
gccc! Do-donft tell me----g
Shidou felt a chill as if a bug was crawling on his body while letting out a trembling
voice.
Yes. The person over there was,
The Spirit Origami wearing a pure white Astral Dress.
He couldn't see the face of the Spirit that shot that light from there. The Origami
from 5 years ago could probably just see a human silhouette. A person with no
knowledge of Spirits will probably take that shadow as an [Angel].
gIt was youccch
Origami, who was sitting on the ground, twisted those pure eyes with tremendous
rage and roared.
gI wonft forgive youcc..! KillccccI will kill youc..! I will----
definitelyccc!h
There was no way that her voice would reach that high in the sky but, the same time
she spat out those words, Origami in the pure white Astral Dress twisted her body
and trembled.
A stranger might see her as laughing loudly.
But, there was no way for that Spirit to laugh-----Shidou knows that clearly.
gWhatcccjustccjust what is thisccc.h
It only took a few seconds. But, all of that only need that much, before ending------
and Shidou understood everything that happened.
Origami went back 5 years to change the fact of her parents getting killed into an
event that [Never Happened].
However, Origami found out.-----The real culprit that killed her parents.
gccc.I seeh
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
27 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
With her vision shared with Shidou, Kurumifs voice echoed inside his head.
gI knew that something great must have happened to make a person like Origami
turn into thatccch
Half-way into Kurumifs words, the Spirit floating in the sky disappeared like it was
melting into the air.
gcc..!? Disappearedcc?h
g[ ] effects most likely worn off. She probably went back to the original
timeh
gcc..uh, no way! Thenccc!h
Shidou shouted in reflex. That was only normal. The goal of Shidou and also
Kurumi, who sent him back into the world of 5 years ago, was to come back to
search and also fix the cause for the inversion of Origami, who came 5 years back
too.
Itfs true that they were at the best seat to see the reason for her inversion. But at the
same time, their goal vanished too. There was no way that history would change like
this.
gJus-just what should I-----g
Shidou, who was in loss, suddenly gasped and stopped his words.
The reason was simple. A part of a burning building was falling towards the
Origami from 5 years back when she was sitting on the ground.
g----Origami!h
After Shidou shouted, he jumped towards Origami faster than his words and both of
them rolled on the ground like that. Next off, the burning building part fell onto the
place Origami was at and caused a big spark and smoke.
gGuhc.!h
Staying here was dangerous. Shidou made a light cough while taking Origamifs
hand and ran onto the red road.
12th bullet
Yud Bet
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
28 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Thus, they stopped once they managed to escape to a place which the flames had not
touched. Matching up with that, Origami *gatan* folded her knees.
gHaaacccchaaacc.ar-are you alright, Origami?h
After saying that------he noticed his own mistake. It was a sudden action but, this
Origami does not know Shidou. It might be bad to call her name.
Origami wasnft concerned at all when her name was called by a complete stranger;
she just kept on trembling while looking up at the sky with soulless eyes.
No-------soulless, might not be the fitting word to put it.
Anger, resentment, loss and grief--------many of every humanfs negative emotions
mixed together and tainted those eyes.
gFacc.ther, mot-herccc.h
Origami moved her dry lips and let out her disappearing voice.
gccc.uhh
Shidou distorted his face in reflex when he saw that painful scene.
gI------g
gcccccOrigami!h
He had no clue on what's the best course of action he should use (take). He had no
clue on what words he should say. But, he canft leave her like this. Half-consciously,
Shidou hugged Origami with both his hands. As if to suppress the waves of raging
emotions, he held her tightly with his trembling hands; tightly and strongly.
gccccc, Y-ou..carecccc.h
And for the first time, Origami leaked out a soft voice as she noticed Shidoufs
existence.
gItfs going to be alright! Itfs going to be alright, soccc!h
While still hugging Origami, Shidou groaned as if he was crying. He was fully
aware that those were irresponsible words. But, he had to say it.
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
29 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
The world was just too cruel and merciless for this small girl in Shidoufs small
arms to face.
From now on, this girl will be walking a road full with hardships and she will find
the [Truth] which lies at the end of her path. Shidou had to shout when he found out
that cruel conclusion.
gOrigamiccc..you mustccc..you will notice this someday. All of the
truthcc! But----please donft forget! You are not alonecc.!h
gWhat, are you sayingccc..h
Origami replied back with a troubled voice. That "was only normal. But, Shidou just
couldnft stop his words.
gI will take on your sadnesscc.! I will stop your angercc..! If you are at a loss,
come to me! Use me if you face a hopeless situation! I wonft mind if you throw
everything at me! So, so-----g
While hugging Origami tightly, he continued.
gWhatever you do----please donft feel despaircc..!h
gccc..uhh
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
30 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
31 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Origami blankly heard Shidoufs voice but-----after a while, her body started
trembling.
g-------ah-uu-ahhcccc.uu-yyaaaaccc.aaaaaacccc..h
After Origami grabbed Shidoufs clothes, she started crying in his chest to kill the
volume.
Maybe the thread of nervousness broke when Shidou appeared or maybe the sadness
of losing her parents was pressed onto her now after so long. He couldnft determine
which one was correct but-----Origami was finally showing emotions fitting for her
young age.
gFa-thercccMothercc..-----g
gOrigamiccc.h
Shidou poured strength into his trembling hands to pat Origami on the back while
she was crying.
And----after who knows how long.
gccccc., thank you very muchccch
After a period of crying, Origami said that with a soft voice before letting go of
Shidoufs shirt and stood up on the spot.
After wiping her tears with her sleeves, she directed her bloodshot eyes to Shidou.
gWhocccare you?h
gAh, e-err-------h
It was extremely normal now that he thinks about it but, Shidou felt confused since
he was suddenly asked. That answer suddenly flew out without a moment of thought
for it.
Trying too hard to play it off won't do anything. Shidou made up his mind and
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
32 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
looked back at Origami.
gIfmccItsuka Shidou. I live nearby hereh
gItsukaccShidouh
Origami pondered Shidoufs name by mumbling before turning around.
It was as if------she was trying to hide her expression from Shidou.
gccc.was what you were saying just now true?h
gEhccc.?h
gThat you will take anything?h
gA-aahc..! Yeah I amh
Shidou made a big nod at Origamifs words. Those words came out half-consciously
but, the contents weren't lies.
gI see. Then-----g
Origami continued without continuing.
gI will leave my tears with you. I will give you my smile. Please take my happiness,
enjoyment, everythingh
gEh------?h
Shidou widen his eyes at those unexpected words.
g----This will be the last time I cry. This will also be the last time I smileh
After saying that, Origami looked towards Shidou for a moment.
Shidou lost his words when he saw that smile, wet with tears. Origami looked away
once more.
gBut, this anger is only mine. This ugly emotion is only mine.----I will kill. I will----
-that Angel. No matter how long it takes. No matter what method it takesh
g---------------g
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
33 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Angel. Shidou twitched his fingers when he heard those words.
But, he couldnft say it. That the Spirit was Origami from the future. He couldn't
bring himself to tell this small girl that.
gSo until then, please keep them for me. Until----I kill that angelh
Origami said that while facing her back at him.
gOri-----gamicccch
Shidou could only call her name blankly.
The young avenger ran off, leaving Shidou alone there.
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
34 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
35 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 2
gcccccc.h
Inside the night with darkness falling. Kurumi let out a gloomy sigh.
gSo thatfs what happenedcc.h
There were currently 2 scenes shown to Kurumi who currently was sharing
Shidoufs senses.
If she opened her eyes, she would see black beams pouring down from the Inverse
Origami towards the completely destroyed buildings but, if she closes her eyes, she
would see the Origami from 5 years ago run away after she vowed to have her
revenge on the Spirit.
---Now. Kurumi and Shidou knew everything. The reason why Origami inversed
when she went back 5 years.
gThis is ironich
She lifted her face and looked at Origami floating in the black sky.
The spirit was covered in a black Astral Dress that looks like mourning clothes but,
she was arching her body like an embryo in a womb and was floating mid-air.
Countless [Wing] in many sizes made a circle around her and was constantly
showing its destructive will towards the ground below.
gOh----what are we going to do nowh
While stroking her chin, Kurumi mumbled.
It was good that she sent Shidou back 5 years but, the only thing achieved was they
found the reason for Origamifs inversion. If this keeps up-------
And.
gcc.Oh my?h
After Kurumi suddenly twitched the side of her eyebrows, she looked behind.
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
36 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
The reason was simple. Small footsteps appeared behind Kurumi.
gWho are you? What kind of business do you have with me?h
She said it as if the mysterious visitor was a bother to her.
After a beat, the person walked out in response to her voice.
gcc! Youfre-----g
Kurumi widen her eyes in surprise when she saw the appearance of an unexpected
person.
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
37 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
38 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 3
gcccc.., I------g
Shidou, who just saw Origami go away, fell to his knees.
An extraordinary feeling of powerlessness filled his lungs. Shidou couldn't do
anything in the end. When that happened, the view of the ground shown in his view
slowly moved away as if to respond to Shidoufs actions.
gEhccc?h
For a moment there, he thought that his body moved in contrary to his wills but-----
he was wrong. When he lowered his sights, he saw his body which was supposed to
be child-like until just now, reverted back to its bigger version. Maybe his Reiryoku
was depleted or maybe the time limit was up, or maybe it was because of another
reasoncccche doesnft know the details but, Natsumifs ability was completely
released.
The sound of an annoyed Kurumi echoed inside Shidoufs head.
gccccI donft like thish
gccc.Sorry. You went through all that trouble to use [ ] for me and I
stillcc..h
gThat isnft the problemh
But, Kurumi continued with words mixed with a tired sigh, as a response to
Shidoufs apology.
g------Origami herself was the killer of her parentsc..? I see, that reason might be
enough to make her feel despair. However------that event clearly wonft happen
without my <Zafkiel>ccc..h
He could hear the sound of teeth grinding. It was a rare event since Kurumi was
usually so carefree.
gShidou-san. Let me ask you this, when was the first time you met Origami-sanh
12th bullet
Yud Bet
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
39 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gEhccc? Wellccc.my class changed at the beginning of my 2nd year and at
that time-----g
gPerhaps at that time, Origami-san already knows about Shidou-san even though
it was supposed to be your first time meeting her, isnft it so?h
Shidou recalled back after he was told that. Itfs true that, Origami knew Shidoufs
name.
gAh-----g
Shidou noticed at that moment.
It was normal for Origami to know Shidou.
Thatfs because----Origami met Shidou [5 years ago], which was [At this time].
Kurumi sounded even unhappier at Shidoufs response.
gThis is not funny. This is displeasing. It is very-----disgustingh
gKurumicc..?h
gThe reason on why Origami-san turned into her hated Spirit. The meeting of
Shidou-san and Origami-san-----the primary factors used to construct the old
world was entirely related to my power. If I didnft send Origami-san and Shidousan
back 5 years, the old world wouldnft have been createdccch
Kurumi mumbled to herself.
Itfs true that, what she say is correct. If it wasnft for the Spirit known as Kurumi; if it
wasnft for the Angel known as <Zafkiel>; their world would most probably be
different in the first place.
gB-but, Kurumi did not use <Zafkiel> to create this ending right..?h
gYes, of course. My main goal is to use [An action that would change history] and
make the worldfs new history. I was quite desperate but in the end, I was just
dancing on top of the hand of an absolute existence known as the [World].-----that
fact makes me very pissedh
gcccuhh
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
40 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Shidou gulped in reflex when he heard Kurumifs pissed off words.
But at the same time, one thought floated in his mind beforeccche opened his
mouth.
gKurumiccc..is there something you want to redo?h
gcccoh myh
After Shidou said that, Kurumi took a moment of silence before returning back to
her carefree tone.
gIf thatfs true then, wonft it be interesting to redo my first meeting with Shidousan.----
Ufufu, the current me can definitely, [Eat] you know?h
gccccccch
Shidou shut his mouth after he heard Kurumifs words. Though, it was not because
he felt fear from Kurumifs scary comment. It was clearly because she wanted to
make Shidou confused.
He had no interest in forcefully making someone say the things they donft want to.
Also, now was clearly not the time to be bothering about that.
gccc.., but, everything endedf
Shidou clenched his fist in regret.
Now that Origami went back to her original world, we canft stop her from
inversing. Now that the Origami from 5 years ago saw her parents get killed, her
revengeful heart will not disappear. Borrowing Kurumifs words, all Shidou has
done was just dance on the worldfs palm.
He doesn't know how long [ ] effect will stay in play but, he will probably
head back to his world soon. To that nightmarish world with an Inversed Origami
trampling the earth.
gYesccthatfs righth
Kurumi talked to reply to Shidoufs words.
gThat is true. Shidou-san did not stop Origami-san. You didnft change the world.--
12th bullet
Yud Bet
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
41 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
-it looks like, that is the [End], [This world] has already decidedh
gccc..Kurumi?h
Shidou raised his eye brows. He felt that Kurumifs roundabout way to say it was a
little weird.
Kurumi probably felt Shidoufs feeling of suspicion before giggling.
gIt looks like it has already ended------I heard that just nowh
gHeardcc.from who?h
g----The Shidou-san after 10 minutes from nowh
gHuhccc.?h
Without understanding what Kurumi words meant, Shidou widen his eyes.
gWhat do youccch
gJust like what it means. 10 minutes from [Now]. The me from the [World of the
Shidou-san that came back from 5 years without achieving anything], used [
] and send the Shidou-san from the future to the past. Well, we only
talked a little since we only had 1 minute to use, maybe because I wanted to save
on Reiryokuh
gcccc!? The Kurumi from the future of that world sent mecc.!?h
Shidou widen his eyes in shock but------thinking back carefully, it was not
impossible.
Shidou and Origami came back 5 years thanks to Kurumi. As long as Kurumi is
also at the future too, it was possible for her to send anyone from the future to the
present time.
But----at that moment. Shidou felt a question pop up.
gWhy would the future meccc.go through all that trouble to travel through
time?h
Yes. That was the unnatural part now that he thinks about it.
12th bullet
Yud Bet
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
42 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
[ ] should be Kurumifs secret move. It was hard to think that she would
waste precious time to inform us about that hopeless future.
Kurumi replied [Yes], in his head to reply to him.
gShidou-san, who failed to stop Origami-san, met [ ] effect limit in
despair and came back to the original world. ----but, you reached a certain idea
after thath
gAnc..ideah
gYes. But, itfs something unachievable for the Shidou-san who returned back to
the presenth
gccc..! I see----g
So thatfs why the future Shidou asked Kurumi to tell the Kurumi from 10 minutes
back his thoughts --- [While Shidou was still in the world of 5 years back].
In order to recreate history.
To break the future that was determined.
---he left his wish to his past self.
Shidou felt a flame rekindling in his cooled down body.
gKurumicc!h
gYes, nothing ended yet. ----Letfs do this, Shidou-san. Letfs break this shitty-ass
worldh
Shidou leaked a sigh when Kurumi said a comment that doesn't sound like her
before lifting the side of his lips.
gYeahcc..Ifll do anything. If everyone----can save Origamih
gUfufu, now thatfs the spirith
She probably felt Shidoufs enthusiasm. Kurumi made a pleasant laugh in Shidoufs
head.
gSocccwhat is that method?h
12Ythud b Bueltlet
12th bullet
Yud Bet
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
43 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gYes.-----thinking about it know, itfs something very obvious. But, itfs true that itfs
an unthinkable method to the Shidou-san who ran into a state of deep despair and
anxietyh
gGuhccc..h
After being told that, sweat flowed down Shidoufs cheeks.
gA-anywaycc.wefre running out of time right? Letfs moveh
gYes, yes, thatfs right. Time is more precious than moneyh
Kurumi continued after making a joke.
gThe biggest reason on why Shidou-san couldnft stop Origami-san. Thatfs
because, [You did not know what was going to happen], and we are going to use
this to its full advantageh
gYeahcc..that might be trueh
Shidou made a painful face while nodding.
Right after he noticed the Origami that came over from the original world, the fight
with <Phantom> started and----everything ended, without giving him a moment to
breathe. There will probably be still a way if he knows these details beforehand.
Kurumi sighed in a gloomy manner.
gHonestly, I donft really want to do this butcccthere is no other wayh
gEhcc..? Wha-what should I do?h
gThe theory is simple.-----you should just restarth
gccccc.Huh?h
Shidou let out a dumb-witted voice at Kurumifs words.
gW-well thatfs true butccc.are you going to send me back 5 years with [
] when I get back there?h
gThat method is not realistic. At the stage of just using [ ] once, a
significant amount of Reiryoku stored inside Shidou-san has been used. It might
12th bullet
Yud Bet
12th bullet
Yud Bet
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
44 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
not be impossible but, it will be a problem to me since the portion for me to [Eat]
soon might disappearh
gc..oh come on. Rather, did you use my sealed Reiryoku to help me travel back
here?h
gUfufu, well of course. No matter how whimsical I might get, I am not so kind as
to give up my own Reiryoku to useh
Kurumi said it with a tone of you got a problem? There was a lot about it he was
unsatisfied with but, Shidou kept quiet for now. Kurumi then, continued.
gBut, you can gain something by slightly time traveling back from the time you are
at right nowh
gccc..! Ah, i-I get it-----!h
Itfs just as Kurumi says.
g------piling up [ ]. I see, that is one interesting idea. Well of coursecc
Shidou-san will forcefully be sent back to this time if you donft achieve it during
the effect of the 1st shoth
gTsk, then, letfs make it quick! Kurumi, hurry and shoot me with [ ]!h
But. Kurumi made a tired sigh.
gAll I can do now is to share Shidou-sanfs senses. I cannot interfere with your
time from here. Let alone, a bullet from <Zafkiel> wonft reachh
gT-then, what am I supposed to do!h
After Shidou shouted because he could not bear it any longer, Kurumi make a small
sigh as if she was blowing at his ears before continuing on.
g-----Isnft there a way. Only one methodh
gEhcc..?h
Shidou brought his eyebrows closer at Kurumifs words.
12th bullet
Yud Bet
12th bullet
Yud Bet
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
45 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
After a few minutes later. Shidou used the emergency stairs of a tall building which
was located near the fire disaster.
gHaacccHaaccch
His body which was been made to exercise since just now, has been screaming for a
long time already. The summer and blazing heat mercilessly stole his stamina away.
But, he canft be complaining now. Therefs only a little time left for him to stay at
this timeline. While making loud noises, he climbed up the emergency stairs.
gIs this placecc Really okayc.?h
gYes, I think itfs correct, probablyh
gProbably, oh come oncch
He opened half his eyes when he heard Kurumifs unclear words. Shidou arranged
his breathing while moving his legs up to the edge of the roof to see the place which
was at a dead angle from the entrance.
He could see Nankou town still burning from the building made to look down at the
residence area. Sounds of the sirens from ambulance and fire trucks echoed and the
evening town was really lively.
gcccccc..h
To avoid looking at that gruesome scene, Shidou averted his sights and moved his
head to look at the roof again in case he missed something.
But-----he couldnft see anyone there.
gOi, no one is here. You sure this is the placec.?h
gThis is weird. That shouldnft------g
And.
Half-way through Kurumifs words, Shidou felt a chill at his back and stood still.
gccc.., ah-----g
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
46 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
---someone was behind him.
Shidou felt that through instinct and gulped.
As if to match with it, an interested voice came from the visitor that appeared behind
Shidou.
g---Oh myh
It was a familiar voice.
gccccch
To prevent agitating the absolute predator standing behind him, Shidou raised his
hands and slowly turned behind.
---Over there.
gWhy, look what we have here. Itfs rare to see a visitor at a place like thish
After she said that, he saw Tokisaki Kurumi with a charming smile there.
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
47 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
48 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Chapter 7: Phantom
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
49 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
50 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 1
gKurumi from five years ago......?h
Several minutes before he reached the buildingfs top. Shidou was really surprised
when he heard Kurumifs words.
[Yes. As I said earlier, there is only me in this world that can mess with time. Then...
There is only one person that has <Zafkiel> in that timeline. The me from five years
ago.]
gBut the time I can be here is limited, right? I havenft even searched forch
[You donft need to worry. Certainly, I must have been around there five years ago.]
gAround herec?h
Shidou couldnft believe he was this lucky. He raised his eyebrows while looking
surprised.
gcIt canft be. Did Kurumi meet with me five years ago, too? You wonft say that,
right?h
[No. If I remember correctly, there wasnft anything like that. Even though I was
around there, it was only to observe the great fire that suddenly occurred.]
gTo see the fire?h
[I thought that this disaster might have been caused by a Spirit.]
gch
Hearing her word, Shidou started to sweat. cIf he hadnft sealed Kotorifs powers
back then and they were discovered by Kurumi, they might have been her food.
Kurumi sensed something from Shidoufs silence and slightly laughed.
[Please. Even I am not that low.]
gRi-rightch
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
51 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Shidou vaguely answered her and coughed to pull himself together. At the same
time, Kurumi continued talking.
[I was around there five years ago. But I havenft met with Shidou-sanc I can
guarantee that. However- No, thatfs why this action has a meaning.]
gWhat do you mean?h
[Please think about it. If Shidou-san, who hasnft met with me, meets me, thenc With
only this, wouldnft be the history slightly changed?]
gCertainly, it might changech
[Anyway, please hurry. As I have told before, we donft have any spare time.]
gYeahc Understood.h
After saying that, he clenched his fist.
gKurumi, think about it. Where should I go?h
Shidou readied himself and asked Kurumi that.
Andc we return now.
gch
Shidou stared at the figure of the girl at the top of the building, while he was trying
to calm his heart that was beating like an alarm bell by taking deep breaths.
The Kurumi standing there was slightly different from his memories.
Noc In more correct way, the only thing that didnft change was her age. Her dress
was somewhat different. She wore a monotone blouse and a skirt that had laces and
frills. Her hair wasnft tied up but in its place she had Alice band decorated with a
rose. Her most characteristic part was her face. As if to hide the clock pattern, she
wore an eye patch on her left eye.
When he saw that dress, Shidou slightly knitted his eyebrows. Then, he asked in a
low voice so that only the Kurumi in his head would hear it.
gcKurumi? Why are you wearing an eye patch?h
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
52 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
[Please donft worry about it.]
gWas it hurt or something?h
[Please donft worry about it.]
gButch
[Please. Donft. Worry. About. It.]
She said it with such a strong tone, he decided to keep quiet.
At the same time, the five year agofs Kurumi in front of him responded.
gAraaraarah
She said that jokingly while tilting her head to the side in a cute way.
gWhat are you whispering? What business do you have at this place?h
Kurumi said so in a relax tone. Though, she didnft look she was relax at all.
She had a smile on her face, but her eye was observing his moves and behavior in a
peaceful but accurate way.
But, Shidou didnft have time. He readied himself and opened his mouth.
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
53 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
54 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gKurumi! I ask a favor from you!h
gcAra?h
When he called her name, Kurumi bended her eyebrows curiously.
gYou know my namec You, who the heck are you?h
She said so while lifting her right arm. When she did that, an ancient pistol flew to
her hand from the shadow under her feet.
Then she pointed its muzzle towards him with a smooth move. Shidou shook his
hand in a panicked state.
gWa-wait a moment! I mean no harmch
The moment he said that, a bullet landed on the floor right under him.
gWoah!h
gDonft move without my permission please. I have some questions. If you donft
answer honestly, I canft guarantee your safety.h
It seems if he doesnft answer them, his heart will be stopped. He opened his mouth
while raising his hand.
gI, I am Itsuka Shidou. I came from the world of five years later! Kurumic You
have lent your power to me!h
gc, Just now, what did you say?h
As Shidou said that, Kurumifs face changed.
gIf you are joking, you will end up dead.h
gI wouldnft be standing in front of you if it was a joke! Please, listen to me!h
gch
Kurumi narrowed her eyes as if she was measuring the truth in his words. Then,
Kurumifs voice that sounded like she was amazed by the situation echoed in his
head.
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
55 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
[Araarac The old me is quite cautious, right? cI donft want to spend any more
time. Shidou-san, please touch the me in front of you somehow.]
gTouchc Donft say absurd things.h
gDid you say something?h
The Kurumi, that is pointing the muzzle towards Shidou, made a puzzled face. Of
course, that is natural. When looked from her point of view, he looks like he is
murmuring to himself.
Shidou, prepared for another shot, held out his hand towards her.
gPlease. It is okay if the gun stays like this. Can you hold my hand?h
gI am not a naive young girl that would do something like that when asked by a
stranger, OK?h
g[Kurumi] says she wants to talk to you.h
g...!h
When Shidou said that, Kurumi raised her eyebrows in surprise. Shidou sharing his
senses with a Kurumi from another era was Kurumifs ability in the first place. So
this Kurumi, too, should understand it.
gFuunc Is that so?h
Kurumi cautiously took a step while staring at Shidou and touched his hand.
Then,
gc!h
And like a weak current flowed thorugh, her body shivered a little.
[Long time no seec I wonder if it is okay to say that, right. Me.]
gcI understand. This is definitely my voicec right? ?Just what happened in the
world of five years ago?h
Somehow five year agofs Kurumi, too, can hear Kurumifs voice that echoes in
Shidoufs head. Indeed, this way would be more effective than any kind of
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
56 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
persuasion.
Kurumi from the original world, briefly explained the situation. That we failed to
change the history. And that, in order to try once again, we needed this erafs
Kurumifs power.
gc We need to use [The Twelfth Bullet/Yud Bet] like that, is that what you are
saying, me?h
[Yes. Thatfs right. I wish for it, me.]
Five year agofs Kurumi felt silent for a momentc Then she sighed.
gcOK, then. If it is this much, I will help you.h
g! Re, really?h
gYes. However, the needed power will be collected from you.h
Kurumi stopped touching Shidou and moved behind him. Then, at the same time she
made a sound with her heel, she raised her left arm high.
gNow, now, come forth <Zafkiel>. Itfs your turn.h
As if answering her call, a giant clockfs figure appeared from the shadows. Angel
<Zafkiel>. The thing that send Shidou to this era, the angel that can manipulate time.
At the same time, as he thought the shadows under Kurumifs feet looked like they
were spreading, they started to coil around his feet.
The next moment, a fierce fatigue attacked him.
gUh, guhch
He remembered this feeling. Right before he was being sent from his original
timeline to this one, he had felt like this when he was caught by Kurumi.
g<Zafkiel> - <Yud Bet>h
Kurumi lifted the gun in his hand above. Then, a thick shadow came out from
<Zafkiel>fs [XII] letter and entered in the muzzle.
gNow. We are starting.h
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
57 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Kurumi slowly turned the muzzle. He knew <Yud Bet> wouldnft hurt but still his
body became stiff in a reflex.
Even though she saw his state, she still grinned.
gYou said you werec Shidou-san, right? I wish you a good luck.h
gcTh, thank you. Also, Kurumi.h
g? What is it?h
gI think that eye patch fits you.h
[c]
gAra?h
When he said that, the Kurumi in his head sighed and the Kurumi in front of him
relaxed. {–j‚ğŠÉ‚ß‚é}
gc Your praise honors me. Letfs meet again, five years ago.h
Kurumi last said that and controlled the gun that was trembling due to the fierce
magical power and pulled the trigger.
A jet black line flew out towards his chest from the muzzle.
The moment <Yud Bet> hit Shidou, he felt as if his body moved along with the
bullet.
As if he was caught in the momentum of the bullet and his view went black.
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
58 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
59 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 2
[cdou-san, Shidou-san.]
When he heard the voice in his head, he opened his eyes. He immediately
understood that he had collapsed face-first.
He was at the same roof of the same building. Well, it might be misleading to say the
same. The figure of five year agofs Kurumi wasnft here and the Nankou district
which can be seen from here hadnft been surrounded by fire yet.
gIt was a success?h
[It seems so.]
Kurumi responded to Shidoufs words.
Right.
He couldnft understand the specific time but he had come back in time.
To a world before the fire had started.
To a world before Kotori had become a spirit.
And, to a world before Origami had killed her parents.
[There is no time to be lost in thoughts, Shidou-san.]
gAh, yeahch
After being told that, Shidou stood up and took a look at the view of the Nankou
district that spread out under his eyes. He clenched his fist and whispered as if he
was talking to Kurumi. gcLetfs go en change the world.h
Kurumi was silent for a second, then affirmed by saying gyes.h After hearing her
affirmation, Shidou started to go down the building by the emergency stairs.
gNow, we have successfully returned to time before the fire occurred butc What
should we do now?h
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
60 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
[We arrived to a good position with great troubles but it has suddenly become a
mess, huh?]
Kurumi answered him with a teasing voice as if she was surprised.
gGuhc Th, there is nothing I can do! I mean, why have you been cold for a while?h
[There is no such thing.]
Kurumi said so in a pouting manner. Shidou wondered if he had said something
rude.
gKurumi, is it about the eye-patch?h
[Anyway.]
Kurumi raised her voice to stop Shidoufs talk.
[It was only an impolite act of rebellion and only that. The difference between the
me now and the me you just saw is, that I know what is going happen afterwards.
Letfs organize the situation based on that.]
gYe, yeahch
[First, what do we really need to do?]
Kurumi asked in the manner of a teacher. Shidou started to think of an answer while
running down the stairs.
gThat isc To prevent Origami from killing her parents.h
[Yes, thatfs right. Then, what can you do in order to accomplish that?]
gSomething likec Stopping Origami somehow.h
[Certainly that is the easiest thing to do but, I donft think that is quite realistic.]
gGuhc Th, thatfs rightch
Origami, who had believed that <Phantom> was her parentfs enemy, is a devil that
will definitely take revenge. As Shidou raised his voice, he noticed that only that
there had to be more to that.
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
61 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
In addition, the power of the girls that turn into spirits is the strongest without a
question. Practically, Shidou needed to chase the girl that will fight with <Phantom>
in a dazzling air battle with all his might.
Naturally, the possibility wasnft zero. If Origami paid attention to Shidou and
listened to him, there was nothing he couldnft think of.
However, the time limit of the <Yud Bet>, which Kurumi had fired at the beginning,
wasnft that much. This might be the last time he could rewind time. It was dangerous
to bet all to such optimistic thoughts.
gThenc If I take her parents to a safe placec or something like thatch
[I see, there might be a possibility of doing that and not facing Origami at all.]
gRi, right? Thench
[But, I wonder if they will obediently do so, if an unknown teenager comes to their
house and says that it is dangerous to stay there and tells them to run away.]
gIf, if I explain the situation...h
[I am sure they will believe you if you tell them that you came from the future and
that they will be killed by their daughter that also comes from the future, right?]
gUhch
He started to sweat when he realized how suspicious he would look.
Just now the Kurumi from five years ago, had believed in his words but that because
manipulating time was originally her ability andc The sound of the Kurumi in his
head had quite a lot to do with it. In the first place, if he had explained the situation to
Origamifs parents whom had never heard about spirits, the fire would probably
break out halfway through.
[Alsoc Even if you managed to get Origamifs parents to safe place, it couldnft be
guaranteed that everything would work out for real.]
gHuh? Wh-what do you mean?h
[What if the world retracts to the original timeline no matter what, thencThere
might be a possibility that Origamifs ray of light would be released before they
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
62 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
could evacuate.]
gch
Shidou was shocked by those words. Certainly, it was as Kurumi said. At the
moment Shidou had returned back to this time line by the help of the Kurumi from
five year ago, the world had subtly changed into one that they didnft know about. It
was dangerous to think to assume that everything will go on as they know it would.
cHowever, something didnft make sense. He asked Kurumi while squinting his
eyes.
gKurumi. You said that it wasnft possible to alter time, right?h
[Ara, I donft remember such denial. I donft have any proofs, so I just assumed.h
gch
He felt somehow confused but this wasnft the time to pursue such problems. He
shook his head to pull himself together.
gNow, what do you say we should do?h
[Rightc]
Kurumi was quite for a while as she was thinking, then she continued her words.
[How about making Origami-san realize that she was the culprit after the killing of
her own parents?]
gHuh? Wh-what are you saying?!h
Shidou shouted when he heard Kurumifs proposal,
[Ara, you think it is against the common sense but. Wasnft what reversed Origamisan,
the despair she had when she had realized that the thing she thought was a foe
was her own self?]
gTh-thatfs right, but wouldnft the fact that she had killed her own parents stay the
same then!h
Shidou started to shake tremendously.
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
63 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Certainly if they used her method, they might evade her reversal. However, then the
fact that she killed her own parents with her own hands would stay unchanged.
Moreover, the fact that her parents had died in the hands of a spirit would remain the
same. In addition to that, her desire for vengeance was pointed towards someone
else at the point. Towards Kotori who caused the great fire and possibly towards
<Phantom> who gave her powerc
gAhch
As he thought that, he let out a small voice.
[? What happened? You stopped running.]
Kurumi said so in his head. Shidou realized that he had stopped running
unconsciously.
However, before moving again, he told the idea that occurred to him in a breath.
gHey, Kurumi.h
[What is it?]
"The point is; if Origamifs <Enemy> isnft there the moment she appears... Wonft it
be good?h
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
64 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
65 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 3
Five minutes after that. Shidou was hiding in the bushes while looking at the swings.
There was a single girl, who had her hair split to two, sitting on the swings. She
might be 7 or 8 years old. She had melancholic expression and was boringly
swinging while the swing squeaked.
There was no doubt about it. Five year agofs Kotori.
gKotorich
He looked at her weary expression and had a feeling as if his chest tightened. Surely
this day was Kotorifs birthday. Shidou had gone to the next town to surprise her with
a present, butc He didnft think that she would be this lonely.
When he saw the lonely Kotori, his chest hurt and he heard a chuckle in his head.
[Shidou-san, you are a complete pervert, right?]
gcShut up.h
He was annoyed by her words and groaned as a reply.
Well certainly, he would be in trouble if he was seen in this scene in which him, a
male high school student who is hidden, staring at a female elementary school
student.
There would be flyers, which states that there was a suspicious person roaming
around, being distributed around the city.
However, the young Kotorifs moment of shining hadnft been printed in his retinas
yet.
Shidou wasc waiting.
For the arrival of <Phantom>.
[Even soc You have surprisingly made up your mind, Shidou-san.]
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
66 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Kurumi said so in an interested tone. Shidou hesitated for a second before
answering.
gThere is nothing I can do. Also, didnft you support this idea?h
[Well, that is right but. Certainly, if you can drive away <Phantom> before Origamisan
appears, there wonft any reason for her to attack in the first place.]
gIf I can do itc I want to talk.h
[Talk? With <Phantom>?]
Kurumi asked in a slightly surprised way.
[That is unexpected. I had thought Shidou-san hold a hostility towards <Phantom>.]
gcVery much. I canft deny that. They are the one that turned Kotori and the others
to Spiritsc But, before that I donft know anything about <Phantom>. I canft ignore
such thing, if I do I would be the same as the guys that regard Tohka and Yoshino
and the others only as disasters."
When he said those, Kurumi stayed silent as if she was thinking something, thenc
[Fu-fufu, ahahahac]
She laughed at a time like this.
gWh, what is it?h
[It is nothingc I only thought this is Shidou-san for you.]
Kurumi continued after laughing a little more.
[However, I donft recommend doing so. There is no point in talking if it is with that
person. If it is the charming Shidou-san, it would end up you being confused.]
gEhc? Kurumi, you, about <Phantom>ch
Then.
He stopped talking before finishing his words.
The reason was simple. In his viewc In front of Kotori who is playing in the park
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
67 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
alone, there was a strange visitor.
Age, gender or physique unknown, [Something].
However, that was natural. As if its appearance was masked, [that] was covered with
something like a noise.
c<Phantom>. The being that turned Kotori, Miku and Origami into Spirits.
That had appeared in front of Kotori, now.
gch
Shidou looked at that figure and got goose bumps. Kotori who had become Spirit
<Efreet>. He recalled her painful expression.
[Shidou-san, you canft act rashly.]
gc, yeah, I got it.h
Shidou was restrained by Kurumi and sighed slightly to keep calm. He embraced his
arms to stop his trembling. He pressed his nails to his palms and slightly blood
oozed from there.
He shouldnft stop Kotorifs turning into a Spirit. He was told so by Kurumi just now.
-After Kotori and <Phantom> exchanged several words, <Phantom> turned towards
her and took out something like a red jewel.
And, the moment Kotori touched it, her body stared shine faintly.
gAh, ah, aaaaaaahc!h
Kotori yelled in anguish.
At the same time, a terrifying heat wave with her in the middle spread around and a
swirling flame rose.
gGuhc!h
Shidou lowered himself and, mind-blowingly, he somehow reflected the heat wave.
A few seconds later, he faint-heartedly opened his eyes and saw Kotorifs figure
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
68 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
dressed in a spirit clothing that looks like a kimono.
Thatfs howc Kotori had become Fire Spirit <Efreet>.
gKotoric Ifm sorry.h
He muttered bitterly and narrowed his eyes.
gc!h
Then he resolved himself and dashed in front of the cluster of noise that had stood
in front of Kotori, <Phantom>.
gHey!h
He screamed that.
When he did that, <Phantom> made a voice that didnft resemble neither man nor
woman. At that time the silhouette that is covered with mosaics in front him, looked
like it moved a little. It seems like <Phantom> had moved their neck and turned their
view towards Shidou.
At the same time Shidou took a thin breath and glared at the part of <Phantom> that
seemed like the head.
gHey, I wanted to meet youc <Phantom>.h
Then, he quietly called the name of the noise in front of him.
There wasnft any sarcasm in those words.
When he re-sealed Kotorifs powers, he had remembered his memories from five
years ago and since then, somewhere in his head he had been wishing for a reunion
with this unidentified existence.
[Turning humans into Spirits.] An arrogant monster that had the power to make such
an unreasonable phenomenon that defies nature.
It was the culprit of the changes of Kotori, Miku and Origami into Spirits and of the
destruction and confusion that came with it.
Towards the [Thing] that had changed Shidoufs life, he felt deep connection like it
was his fate.
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
69 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
However, the words <Phantom> said towards such Shidou were unexpected.
[cHuh?]
<Phantom> let out a small breath and turned her body slightly.
Of course, <Phantom>fs body was covered with noise. From his point of view, he
could only see a distortion in the air covered with mosaics.
But, why might it be? For Shidou, he didnft have any choice but to believe that, that
behavior was caused by dismay or disturbance.
Of course, anybody would react like that if they were suddenly called by somebody
behind them. Butc that was wrong. <Phantom>fs reaction was clearly not because
she was surprised.
[It canft be. You werec Why are youc]
gHuh?h
Shidou made a puzzled face when he heard <Phantom>fs odd reaction.
gYouc Do you know, about me?h
[c]
<Phantom> stayed silent when it heard his question. However that was, it wasnft that
it had ignored his question or didnft want to give any unnecessary information or
something like thatc It was only that it was so dumbfounded that it couldnft say
anything.
It couldnft understand the meaning of what was happening and knitted its eyebrows.
There was a gap between the aloof <Phantom> in his memories and the behavior of
[Something] in front of his eyes. Thatfs why, he even thought that the noise that was
in his sight might have been a different existence.
[c,c]
<Phantom> slightly moved its body covered in noise and run away while sliding on
the ground.
[Shidou-san.]
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
70 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gI know!h
As if pulled by Kurumifs voice, Shidou followed after <Phantom>.
At that moment, Kotori who had sat down in the park had entered in his sight. The
little girl that held a power which she didnft know about said gBrother, brotherch
repeatedly.
gc, Kuhch
He felt like his heart was being pulled by that look but he strengthened his resolve
and turned forward. If his memory was correct, five year agofs Shidou should
arrive soon. He shouldnft come across him.
And above everythingc Now, he had to stop <Phantom> from running away.
Shidou was following the cluster of noise of which he had nearly lost sight as he
wasnft prepared with eyes and put more power in his legs.
He succeeded in getting <Phantom> far away the park but just this wasnft enough.
Shidou and Kurumifs aim was to make <Phantom> and Origami who had come to
this timeline not meet. In order to accomplish that, they needed to put <Phantom> to
a place where Origami wouldnft find herc Thatfs why, they had to not let her get
Lost.
[cBut, that was an unexpected reaction, right?]
While he was following <Phatom>, Kurumifs voice echoed in his head.
[Shidou-san, are you acquainted with that person?]
gc Not even a little, I donft know anybody that has their whole body covered in
mosaics!h
[Fuunc Thatfs right.]
He shouted while running in the town that is burning brightly and Kurumi answered
in a somewhat tepid way.
It wasnft like Shidou was telling lies. He had only encountered with <Phantom> at
that time five years ago. Wellc Certainly it was that [Five years ago] right now.
However, it clearly seemed like <Phantom> knew about him.
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
71 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Also, it was a fact that it had met with Shidou or somebody that looked like Shidou.
Thatfs it. DEM Industriesf Managing Director, Isaac Westcott.
When Shidou had infiltrated in the Japan HQ of DEM to rescue the kidnapped
Tohka, that man whom he had seen for the first time had laughed in a really strange
way.
The moment he was leaving, he had called Shido:
Takamiya.
gch
It wasnft because of the intense exercise he had been doing but he felt his heart beat
faster.
Takamiya. That was the same name with his self-proclaimed real sister Takamiya
Manafs.
Alsoc Shidou who was the adopted child of the Itsuka family didnft have any
memory of the time before that.
gI am asking you, <Phantom>, what do you know about me?!h
While following <Phantom> that continued to run away in the burning town, he
shouted so.
When though about it, there were a lot of things Shidou didnft know about.
What he was doing before being taken in by the Itsuka family.
Why Westcott knew about him.
In the first place, what that power he had wasc What the hell was that power of
being able to seal Spritsf powers?
He had sealed seven Spiritsf powers and had sent them into a life they lived together
but he didnft understand anything.
gKuhch
He ground his teeth in frustration and stepped on the ground strongly.
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
72 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Thenc At that moment, <Phantom> that was moving in front of him, stopped
moving for no apparent reason. Shidou, too, suddenly stopped his body that was
moving with great momentum.
gc, <Phantom>!h
[c]
When Shidou called <Phantom>fs name, it moved its body that was covered with
noise slowly. Somehow it felt like it looked at his way.
[c <Phantom>, huh. So you gave such name to me.]
Then, it murmured that like talking to itself and sighed.
[cIfm sorry. I suddenly run awayc I thought it would have been better if we
werenft in front of her.]
<Phantom> continued talking. The [She] it is talking should be Kotori.
He couldnft understand its aim but certainly it was better this way for him, too. If
they had stayed at that place, five year agofs Shidou would arrive soon andc
Origami who had turned into Spirit would also come. [c]
<Phantom> stood still without saying anything. It seemed like it was taking a good
look at him.
[cAh, is that it? So it was really, you arec]
Then, it made a gesture as if it was convinced by him.
Then, at the same time, the noise covering <Phantom>fs body dissolved like fog.
gWhach
He opened his eyes wide.
What appeared from inside that noise was a girl.
She had braided hair and an expression that was gentle like that of a mother. He felt
as if his head started to spin around. That face made him feel like he had seen it
before and like he had never seen it beforec It made a strange feeling. gThat
appearancech
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
73 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gYou canft see [Me] yet, thatfs why excuse my impoliteness of using another
shapec I could finally talk to you after all those troubles however, unfortunately I
need to use this barrier.h When Shidou talked, <Phantom> answered with a voice
that definitely belonged to a girl which was different from the one she had used till
now.
Another shape. Which means, this girl wasnft <Phantom>. But, why would
<Phantom> do such an indirect thingc
Shidou thought about it for a second. <Phantom> kindly smiled as if she had read
through his mind and moved her cherry colored lips.
gcYou, [When] did you come from? Looking from your appearance, it would be
something like five or six years later, right?h
g! Whach
When he heard that, he made a startled face. That was it. He didnft thought that
<Phantom> could tell that he came from another timeline just by looking at his
appearance.
[c]
However, contrary to his surprise, Kurumi kept her composure. As if, she had
guessed this beforehand.
<Phantom> continued with a quiet tone.
gcThenc What business do you have? You have come this timeline using that
bullet. You didnft come only for sightseeing, right?
gch
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
74 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
75 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Shidou turned back and glanced at the park <Phantom> had been in just now. In the
air above it, the figure of a shiny Spirit hadnft appeared yet.
After he confirmed that, he opened his mouth slightly.
gYouc You know about me, right?h
gcYes, I know. A lot that is.h
<Phantom> answered him. He felt that he was trembling because of tension.
gThink about it. Who the hellc am I? What the hell is this power?h
gch
When she heard his question, she stayed silent for several seconds.
Then, she replied after swinging her head.
gc I would like to answer that but, I donft know what kind of situation you are in.
Also, I canft tell it. In addition, there seems to be a kid that is eavesdropping our
talk."
gEh..?h
Shidou made his eyes round and <Phantom> continued as if she saw through
everything.
gRightc Tokisaki Kurumi. I wonder if you are listening to me.h
[Ara, ara.]
Kurumi made a quiet noise in his head as if she was replying <Phantom>.
gcIs this your business? If thatfs it, you have used fairly extravagant amount of
[Time].h
gc, no.h
Shidou cast down his eyes and swung his head.
gThe thing I am doing now is only my problem. I have another business with you.h
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
76 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gWhat may it be?h
gDisappear, right now.h
There was a huge amount of things he wanted to ask. He had finally found
somebody that knew his past. He wanted to know. Honestly said, regardless of what
should be done, he wanted to learn about himself from this [Thing].
However, this was the thing he had to say right now. His priority was to stop
Origamifs reversal.
gcIs that [I will kill you.] in a poetical way?h
<Phantom> sighed wearily.
gWellc I canft say I didnft expect it to come to this. As a few year later fs you are
loved by moody Spirits, there was a possibility that you could reach this idea. c
Well, I didnft want to think about it, thoughch
gch
It seems like <Phantom> thinks Shidou came from his timeline in order to kill her.
Shidou clenched his fist without saying anything. It would be a lie if he had said that
he held no hostility towards her. He canft let off the fact that she had caused pain to
young Kotori.
However, now Shidou didnft have any intention of doing anything with her. After
taking a deep breath to calm his mind, he swung his head.
gIt is not about killing or not killing. I just want you to hide as soon as possible. You
can go to the next world, right?h
gcFuun?h
<Phantom> continued her words as if she had intense fun.
gIs it okay if I learn? The reason for that.h
gThat isch
Shidou hesitated to answer that.
The reason was simple. He didnft know anything about the expectation or aim of the
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
77 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
girl in front of him.
Origami wouldc From the future five years later, Origami who had been turned
into a Spirit by <Phantom> would come here and attack <Phantom>. It was easy to
say that. Then as a result, she would reverse. It was easy to tell that their aim was to
prevent this.
However, if this <Phantom>fs aim was to reverse Spirits like Isaac Westcott from
DEM, giving her this information would cause the opposite effect.
gch
He didnft know how to answer her. While he was trying to come up with an answers,
<Phantom> sighed impatiently.
gcWell, it doesnft matter if you canft answer. I am sorry but my answer is NO. I
have some jobs I havenft done yet.h
gWha..!h
When he heard <Phantom>fs answer, he lost his temper.
gWait a minute! After this, to this timelinech
Shidou opened his mouth to tell her about Origami. Howeverc That moment, he
couldnft move his body as if it was pushed by an invisible hand. Intuitively, it was
close to the feeling of being bound by the Territory that AST and DEMfs Wizards
deploy. He could hardly move his fingertips and couldnft make any voice.
[Shidou-san, what happened?]
Kurumi suspiciously asked but he couldnft answer that.
Then, <Phantom> came closer to him slowly
After that, she raised one hand and touched his cheek
That moment.
gc!?h
An indescribable sense passed through Shidoufs whole body.
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
78 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gAhch
He couldnft understand why. But, then he understood.
Shidou knew that feeling.
Shidou, knew this [Something] in the form of a girl.
gI have to thank the Spirit of Time for today.h
While <Phantom> was touching Shidoufs cheek with her hand, she said so quietly.
gWhen the time comes, letfs meet again. That timech
She continued her words in his ear.
gcBecause I absolutely wonft let you again. Because I absolutely wonft make a
mistake.h
And said those words.
gc!?h
Shidou held his breath instinctively.
He couldnft understand something. He wouldnft understand sooner or later.
However, he definitely remembers that he had heard those words before.
gc, ch
He wanted to ask who she was but he couldnft let any sound out.
<Phantom> drew her hand back from his cheek and wore her noise again. Then, she
kicked the ground and flew towards the sky.
A few seconds after that, <Phantom>fs figure was so far that he couldnft reach her
even if he jumped and the power restraining him was finally released.
gKuh, haac Cough, coughch
He fell down to his kness and coughed several times. However, it is not the time to
do such things. Shidou immediately turned his head upwards.
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
79 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gThat onec What, the heckch
Then, just as he lifted his head.
He stared at <Phantom> floating in the air and a line of light came from the east sky.
gc! That isc!h
His shoulders shook and looked at where the line of light was launched from and he
was frozen.
Who stood there was a single girl. A dazzlingly pure white Spirit dress. Several
[Feathers] turned towards the nemesis by the personification of murderous intent.
Spirit of Ruin, stood there.
There was no need to even say. cIt was Tobiichi Origami.
gOrigamic!h
He screamed her name.
However, there was no way his voice would reach her. Origami looked straight to
only <Phantom> and several lines of light were released like rain from the tip of
her feather shaped Angel. While <Phantom> unbelievably dodged all of them
nimbly, she moved in the sky like she slid through it. However, Origami didnft give
up. She followed after the fleeing <Phantom> and launched lines of light in the air
without resting.
What spread out there was, a few minutes agoc It was the second time, he had seen
this view. He had seen it with five year agofs Kurumi before she had sent him back.
Kurumifs earlier said words passed through his mind. gWhat if the world retracts to
the original timeline no matter what, thench
gDamn itc!h
He swung his head to shake off the thought of resignation that floated in his mind
for a moment and dashed to follow those two from the ground.
gI wonft let itc repeat!h
The scene he had witnessed recently crossed his mind. The downpour of light. The
remains of people that had been crushed.
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
80 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Thus, the pupils of the little girl whose eyes were dyed with hatred and the revenge.
Origami only wished to protect her parents. She had only tried to deny her fate that
had been already decided.
They were such pure feeling but experiencing such tragedy couldnft be good.
This endingc
gI will change itc!h
Shidou put more power in his feet while yelling that.
Naturally he couldnft follow Origami and <Phantom> who are having a
tremendously high speed air fight by running on the ground.
Howeverc His aim was not to track those two. He continued to run in the town that
was covered with flames without hesitation.
Before long he had arrived to the place he had been aiming.
To the place Origamifs both parents had died in [The World Before],
That was it. What he had to stop wasnft Origami and <Phantom>fs fight but
Origamifs killing of her own parents by accident.
gc! Found itc!h
Shidou opened his eyes wide while running in the blazing red.
In front of him stood the back of the figures of five year agofs Origami andc her
parents whom stood a little away from her.
There was no need to grumble about it again. He had failed to prevent Origami and
<Phantom>fs contact. So, he had no other option than making her parents run to a
safe place to change the history.
It should be called fortune among misfortune and now was an emergency as the
town was enveloped in the big fire. A man who hurriedly encouraged evacuation
wouldnft be an alien thing. The possibility that they would run away following his
directions was enough.
Howeverc
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
81 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gc! Whach
He opened his eyes and strengthened himself.
The reason was really simple. At some point in the sky abovec Right above
Origamifs parents, Spirit-Origami and <Phantom>fs figures stood. It seems they
have come here while they had been engaged in a fight.
gKuhc!h
At the same time Shidou bitterly ground his teeth, Origami launched a lot of lines of
light towards <Phantom> to block its ways of escape.
Then at the same time, the feather type Angel concentrated one and pointed its tip
belowc Towards the ground.
It was the exact scene with [Just now]. Shidoufs face paled.
gDonft do that, Origami!h
His voice didnft reach her even if he yelled.
He didnft have the chance of prompting her parents to evacuate anymore. The next
moment, the critical hit would come down and would send two people to the heaven
before they could even feel the pain.
gDamn itc!!h
Shidou put more power in his foot and kicked the ground with the momentum.
[Shidou-san!?]
As his did such an unexpected move, Kurumifs surprised voice echoed in his head.
However, there was nothing else he could think to get away from the situation he
had fallen into.
A great pillar had been launched aimed at the ground from the Angel that had
concentrated its power.
gUoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooc!!h
At the same time, Shidou yelled with all his power and leaped towards Origamifs
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
82 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
parentsc
And pressed their back with all his strength.
gWhac!?h
gKyach
When suddenly pushed like that, Origamifs father and mother both yelled.
They were pushed by his all might. They might have scraped something like their
knee.
However, that much would be forgiven, right?
Even if, they might have hit their head badly. Shidou, while his sight was dyed white,
distorted his lips in self-mockery.
gc!h
Then, while he was like that, someonefs voice vibrated his eardrums.
He thought it was Kurumi but he was wrong. This voice clearly came from outside.
And then, right before his sight was filled with light, noticed it. It was five year
agofs Origami in front of him.
His eyes met with hers for a second.
Those eyes didnft glow with the blaze of revenge yet. The pool of resentment
werenft being piled up.
gAhc Thatfs good.h
Shidou muttered slightly. Then, he was enveloped in pure white light and he lost his
consciousness.
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
83 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
84 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Chapter 8: <Devil>
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
85 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
86 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 1
gHnncch
After making a soft moan, Shidou opened his eyes.
It seems Shidou was lying face down on a bed. His left cheek was pushed into the
pillow and the pillow was obstructing him from opening his eyes. It seems that his
body stayed in that position for too long, because he couldnft feel his left arm.
gFuaaaacc.h
Shidou leaked one sleep yawn before turning around on the bed and raised his body
after he faced upwards.
The same time he was released from his own weight, his left hand which he couldnft
felt, slowly *Jiin**jiin* turned numb. Shidou [Ouch ouch ouchccc] frowned his
face before looking around at the room.
Nothing was different. It was his usual room. It was his usual furniturefs, wall, floor
and ceiling. In a rare occasion, Shidou hung his school blazer on the chair, maybe
because he was too tired yesterday.
At that moment.
gcccc.Ah-re?h
Something was off, Shidou blinked his eyes.
The memories of how he went to bed yesterday were completely out from his mind.
Rather, what month, what day and what day of the week is today? Before he slept, he
was------
gccc..!h
The fragmented information inside his head started to connect one after another.
Inside Shidoufs mind, he recalled back the scene before he fell unconscious.
A burning city. A beam poured down.------Shidou immediately looked down at his
body.
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
87 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
From what he saw------there were no wounds or body parts missing. Shidou was
completely healthy even though he took the strongest and absolute attack from an
Angel. It might be thanks to Kotorifs healing powers, or maybe------the moment the
light was about to burn Shidou, [Yud Bed]fs time limit was reached and his body was
forcefully sent back to his time.
Well, no matter which one it may be, it still doesnft change the fact that he was
saved. Shidou made a big sigh.
But immediately, the next question floated into his mind. Shidou quickly got off his
bed, pushed aside the roomfs curtain and fully opened the roomfs window.
gWhere iscccc.h
He looked outside while mumbling softly. The view he saw was the familiar Tenguu
city residential area. When he looked to the right, he could see the tall mansion
where the Spirits live in.
g----Kurumi! Kurumi!h
Shidou placed his hands on the side of his head, and raised his voice to
communicate with the inside of his head.
But, Kurumifs voice could not be heard no matter how long it took.
Nonetheless, that was reasonable. The [Tet] Kurumi talked about was a bullet to
connect her conscious to a target that was in a different timeline. Which means, the
bullet would probably not show its effect when the target exists in the same timeline
as the Kurumi who shot the bullet.
Yes. Shidou came back.
He returned back to his world from the Tenguu city of 5 years ago.
gNo-----g
Shidou leaked a mumble.-----more specifically it was different.
The view shown to Shidou was the scenery that he was familiar and used to.
The buildings, houses, roads were all the way it was supposed to be. Basically-------
it was not the scene of the Tenguu city that got completely messed by the inversed
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
88 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Origami.
gccc..uh!h
The same time he realized that, Shidou left the room with the window wide open and
went down the stairs with a momentum that could make him fall. He then ran to the
living room and opened the door with a loud bang.
When he did that, Kotori probably got surprised. A small girl---Kotori, who was
sitting in the living room sofa while looking at the television, opened her acorn-like
eyes even wider towards Shidoufs direction.
gOhh? Whatfs wrong onii-chan? Youfre so energetic this early in the morningh
Shefs an active girl with 2 white ribbons tying her long hair. It seems she woke up
earlier that Shidou and has already finished changing her clothes to her school
uniform.
Shidou however shouted when he heard his sister fs leisure voice.
gKotoricc! Youfre safe!?h
gccc..Heh?h
After Shidou shouted while breathing wildly, Kotori tilted his head as if she does not
know what he was talking about.
gcccc.Onii-chan, are you half-asleep?h
After she said that, he twitched his shoulders.
Nonetheless, Shidoufs actions canft be helped. In the [Old world], <Fraxinus> was
shot down by Origami, and he had no way to confirm Kotori and the crews safety
since they were in the ship.
gccc..Kotori, what is todayfs month and date?h
gEh? Itfs obviously 8th of Novemberh
Kotori said that with worried eyes.
But, Kotorifs response was the best information to Shidou. If Shidoufs memories
were correct, that date------was the next day after the inversed Origami destroyed
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
89 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
the city.
g-----aah----g
Shidou walked over to Kotori with a face close to crying before [Hashii] hugging
Kotori with both his hands. Kotorifs eyes turned black and white at his sudden
actions.
gGyaaa---!?h
gKotoriccKotoricc.! I am so gladccIfm really----g
gGyaaaa! Gyaaaa!!h
Kotori flapped her hands and legs. Shidou was kicked in his stomach and he
crouched down.
But, this pain was so nostalgic. The sense of fulfillment and relief wouldnft stop
over-pouring.
gccccWhatfs wrong? Youfre kind of weird, Onii-chanh
Kotori hugged her shoulders with red cheeks while saying that. Well, to her who has
been seeing a different changed world since 5 years ago, Shidoufs actions probably
looks eccentric.
gccc.Hey Kotori. Would you believe me if I said I changed the world
yesterday?h
gHeh?h
Kotori widen her eyes and frowned her eyebrows after a while.
gWhat are you saying Onii-chan. The return of your delusions?h
She then placed her finger around her chin while saying that. Shefs not believing
Shidoufs wordscccc..rather, she looks like she has no clue what he was talking
about.
But------Thatfs okay. After Shidou made wry smile, he swung his hands.
gHnncc.Sorry, I was dreaming a bit I guess.-----Ifll make breakfast in a flash so
wait for meh
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
90 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gO-ohh---ccc..h
Kotori nodded while making a dubious face. After Shidou made a small shrug with
his shoulders, he headed to the washroom to wash his face.
He has to report to Kotori about the change of the world someday. Thatfs because, it
was a big event where, just like the meaning, he rewritten the world. Thinking about
the future, there was no way he shouldnft tell the <Ratatoskr> about this.
However, just how is Shidou going to explain this experience which only sounds
like a dream-like story? Shidou scratched his cheeks while *uuuh* making a groan.
After having breakfast with Kotori and leaving the house after he dressed up, a
familiar girl was already in front of the gate.
gOoh, youfre here huh Shidou! Good morning!h
She was a beauty with night-color hair and crystal eyes but, she was swinging her
hands energetically to him.-----Yatogami Tohka. Shidoufs classmate and also his
neighbor.
gOu Tohka. Good morning. Sorry, did I make you wait?h
gNo, I just came out from home. Its perfect timing!h
Tohka said it with a full smile on her face. Shidou laughed in reflex when he saw
that innocent look.
gMu? Whatfs wrong?h
gNoc..more importantly, hereh
After saying that, Shidou handed over the lunch box he was holding to her. Making
Tohkafs portion together with his and Kotorifs bento has become a daily routine to
him. He was going to buy lunch today since he woke up late today butcccc..he
quickly prepared everything so that it would be as close as the [Normal] days, which
has been a while.
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
91 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gOoohccc! Thanks, Shidou! If I am correct, there is that bite-sized katsu inside
right?h
But, Shidou tilted his head at Tohkafs next words.
gEh?h
gNuccc? Am I wrong? I thought you said that when we separated
yesterdaycccch
Tohka placed his hand on his chin while bringing his eyebrows closer to recall back
her memories.
In this world, Shidou saved Origamifs parents 5 years ago and Origami did not
become an inversed spirit.
Because of that, Tenguu city wasnft destroyed and as a result, they were going
through normal days [Yesterday].
But for Shidou, who was back at 5 years just a few hours ago, does not have the
memories of this world all the way to [Yesteday].
Judging by Tohka and Kotori, it seems that there wasnft a big change to the world
but, there should be small events like this unknown to Shidou like this onecccc
it might be a good idea to confirm this with everyone as soon as possible.
gAahccc.Sorry, Tohka. I am kind of out of ingredients. I made another menuh
gMuu, is that so. But, you donft have to apologize you know? Every food Shidou
makes is delicious! So, whatfs inside?h
gAah, minced meat, scrambled eggs, peas and 3 colored rice. The eggs are the sweet
kindh
gW-wowcc..! Thatfs the best!h
Tohkafs cheeks blushed and said that in an excited manner. It seems shefs satisfied
with this menu too.
And, when Tohka was dancing around while carrying the lunch box, he saw two
shadows walked over from the mansion.
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
92 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gKaka, good morning. Good work picking me up, my attendanth
gBow. Good morning, Shidou, Tohkah
Yamai Kaguya and Yamai Yuzuru, twins with similar faces. Both of them look so
similar that they canft be distinguish in one glance but, after taking a good look,
their faces are slightly different and also, a tragic difference of body shape which
could only be thought to be godfs prank, could be seen.
gcccum? Shidou, did you just thought of something really rude?h
The slim girl with a proud face----Kaguya opened half her eyes with a posture as if
she was hugging her shoulders.
gN-no way. I didnft think of anythingh
gReallyccc? Itfs a sin to lie to me you know?h
gWarning. You are over thinking, Kaguyah
And, the glamourous girl with her hair tied into 3-----Yuzuru, placed her hands on
Kaguyafs shoulder before saying that.
gEven so, it was only for an instant but, I saw Shidoufs eyes took a trip around our
chesth
gExplain. That is normal reflex for a maleh
gcc..Oih
That isnft helping. Sweat dripped down Shidoufs cheeks while he opened half his
eyes.
gI see. So he just reacted to my charming body huh. Kaka, then I forgive you. There
is nothing as harsh as resisting the Yamaifs charmh
gConsent. That is correct. No matter how much Kaguya has indecent delusions of
Shidou every day, itfs not like everyone would think like thath
gI-I donft have those delusions!!h
Kaguya shouted with a red face. When she did that, Yuzuru looked interested at
Kaguyafs response and placed her hand on her mouth to [Small smile. Ufufu].
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
93 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gRegret. Is that true. Then, the diary Kaguya wrote yesterday night was----g
gWaitcccc! Kyaa! Kyaaaaaaaa!h
Kaguya suddenly became noisy and *Poka**Poka* hit Yuzurufs shoulders.
gEscape. Kyaah
After saying it in an un-nervous voice, Yuzuru ran away from the spot. Kaguya then
immediately followed after and they started running around Shidou.
gcccHahah
Shidou leaked a small giggle in reflex when he saw them.
Maybe they saw Shidoufs reaction, Kaguya and Yuzuru made a wondering face.
gW-what is it Shidou. Why are you making such a farsighted lookcc..h
gConsent. Did you grow old in one night?h
With Shidou in between them, both of them had their eyebrows closer to each other
while saying that. Shidou swung his head to play it off.
gNo, nothing at all.----More importantly, we will be late if we keep this uph
After Shidou said that, Kaguya and Yuzuru looked at each other before making a
sigh while making shrugs with their shoulders.
gFuunccc.the maliciousness is over. In consideration for Shidou, I will let you
off. But there is no next time. Know that people who try to reveal my darkness, will
be touched by the hands of the death godh
gSneer. My darkness (Laugh). Is the darkness those objects hidden under Kaguyafs
bed?h
gWhacc.why do you know thaaaaaaaatttttttt!h
gDash. I am going firsth
After Yuzuru said that, she waved to Shidou and Kaguya before running to the
school.
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
94 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gWaiiiiiitttttt! Eh, no seriously, why!? Why do you knowwwww!?h
Kaguya chased after her while shouting. Even though their Reiryoku were sealed,
both of them immediately could not be seen anymore; just as expected from the
Spirit of the wind huh.
gccccLetfs go tooh
gNu? Umu, okay!h
After Shidou shrugged his shoulders and said that, Tohka blinked her eyes before
nodding to him.
She then walked beside him and they walked towards the school------they then
reached the high school.
After Shidou passed the gates, he switched his shoes into indoor shoes and reached
in front of the 2nd year group 4 after he passed the corridor and climbed the stairs.
gccccc.h
But, Shidoufs body stopped when he placed his hands on the classroom door.
The reason was simple. He was hesitant on how he should talk to the girl sitting at
the left side beside Shidou----Origami.
The person receiving the biggest influence from 5 years back was definitely
Origami. Unlike the small discord of memories that he have with Tohka, there
might be a bigger change.
gShidou, youfre not going in?h
gAaahcc..Sorry sorryh
After he was told by Tohka, Shidou poured strength into the hand holding the door.
And while feeling a mix of weird feeling of anxiety and uplift, he opened the door.
But-----
gccc..Whath
Shidou opened the door, and viewed the classroom before making a wry smile
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
95 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
while sighing.
There was still no one sitting on the left side of Shidoufs seat. It seems that, she has
not come to school.
It somehow felt embarrassing for worrying about that. After Shidou scratched his
cheeks, he sat on his own seat and took out the textbook and notes from his bag
which are going to be used for 1st period.
But, Origami hasnft come to school even though he waited for a while.
gMuucccc..h
Tohka suddenly made a difficult face.
gHnn, whatfs wrong, Tohkah
gNucccfor some reason, I feel something is missingcccc..it feels kind of
weirdh
gccc..Something missing?h
Shidou wrung his neck when he heard Tohkafs words. But, faster than replying back
to Tohka, the school chime rang nearby.
The classroom door opened immediately right after and a small girl wearing
glasses entered the room while carrying the attendance book. It was Shidoufs class
homeroom teacher, Tama-chan; Teacher Okamine Tamae.
Shidoufs cheeks relaxed in reflex when he saw her.
Thatfs because, the Tama-chan he encountered when he returned to the world at 5
years ago, had the completely same appearance as now.
gItsuka-kun? Is there something on my face?h
gccccc.! Ah, No, Sorryh
He replied back in panic when Tama-chan asked in a dubious manner. Tama-chan
coughed before she started to take the attendance.
Shidoufs surname is [Itsuka] so; his attendance check will be fast. After Shidou
quickly replied, he looked over to the vacant seat on the left.
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
96 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gOrigamiccc..h
In the end, Origami did not appear even though the home room started. Is she absent
today. Or maybe, Origami was late for a rare occasion.
During the time Shidou was thinking that, Tama-chan was continuously calling out
the student name.
gOkay, Tonomachi-kun is presentccccthen, Nakahara-san?h
g----------Eh?h
Shidou let out a dumb-witted voice in reflex when he heard the name Tama-chan
called out.
But, that was only normal. Since the attendance numbers is mixed gendered, it was
weird that [Tobiichi Origami] wasnft after [Tonomachi Hiroto]. Even if she was
absent for today, her name should be called.
It seems that his voice was louder than what he thought. Tama-chan looked surprised
and looked towards Shidoufs direction.
gAh-re, did Sensei make any mistakeh
gE-errcccch
Shidou stood up with a thud.
But, Shidou was hesitant to say the words.
A thought grazed his mind for a moment there.-----That, in the previous world,
Origami [Transferred to another school].
However, he wonft know anything if he keeps quiet. Shidou made up his mind and
shook his throat.
gSensei, what aboutccOrigami?h
*Babump**Babump* his heart pumped hard.
Origami [Transferred to another school] because she was recruited to DEM
industries in the previous world. That should not be applicable to Origami now that
she holds no hatred to the Spirits. Even though he knows that, the worst possible
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
97 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
word that Tama-chan might say was swirling inside Shidoufs head.--------That,
[Origami-san already transferred to another school]ccc.
But-----Tama-chanfs answer was different from Shidoufs expectations.
g----Origamicccsan? Who is that?h
Tama-chan said that with a surprised expression.
gWha----g
Shidou opened his eyes blankly while looking around.
Since he suddenly stood up and said that, Shidou was currently the attention of the
class butcccc..everyone was showing weird responses at the name Shidou said.
gccccOrigami? Who is that. A personfs name?h
gDid Itsuka-kun fave 1000 paper cranes to Sensei as a present?h
gNo, that would mean that Sensei is in the hospital. Rather, therefs no way to make
1000 paper cranes aloneh
gNo, but itfs that Itsuka-kun soh
gAh----g
Everyone started talking.
Shidou looked at his classmates while feeling his breathing turn wilder.
They donft look like they were joking.
Everyone does not know. The girl known as Tobiichi Origami.
gcccc..Aah---------Thatfs right----g
Shidou *Suuu* breathed finely. Strength left his body and both his hands drooped
down.
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
98 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
---now that he thinks about it, this event was not unthinkable. The possibility was
enough. However, somewhere inside Shidou might have made him avoid this.
If the young Origami and her parents escaped the fire, it was normal for them to
look for another house to move to. They might still be living in Nankou town or
they moved to another place just like the Itsuka family. If thatfs the case then, there
was no guarantee that she would enroll into his Raizen high school just like the
previous world.
5 years ago, Shidou definitely changed history. He succeeded to erase a tragedy that
occurred once, before it happened.
But all of history did not change according to what Shidou wanted.
All the events existing in the world was connected with invisible lines.
The event Shidou achieved became the starting point and it was inevitable for an
event outside his goal to happen in the world.
gccc..sorry, Sensei. It was my misunderstanding. Please continueh
After Shidou said that quietly, he collapsed onto his chair.
Tama-chan looked worried for a while when she saw Shidou like that but, she soon
started to continue taking down attendance.
gcccccc..h
While dazing off, Shidou listened to Tama-chan and quietly looked at the left seat.
---There is no problem at all.
5 years ago, he saved Origamifs parents who were supposed to be dead, and
Origami wonft bear any hatred to the Spirits.
Origami should be living happily somewhere in this world. Itfs such a happy end
that wanting more is going to bring bad luck.
To Origami, the previous world was unnatural to her. She was someone who should
be living in a gentle world. She should receive more love from her parents and
grow up.
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
99 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Yes. Itfs okay with this.
The world----should be like this.
gccccShidou?h
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
100 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
101 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
And. He suddenly heard Tohkafs voice from his right seat. Her tone was sounded
dubious but it also sounds like she was worried about Shidou.
gHnncc.What is it, Tohkah
gErrccccwhatfs wrong? Where does it hurtccc..?h
gEhccc.?h
After being told that, Shidou noticed something for the first time.
---There were tears flowing down his cheeks and falling onto the desk.
gAhcccc.h
He quickly wiped his tears with his uniform sleeves, before replying back [Ifm
alright] to Tohka.
Tohka distorted her eyebrows into a ”ªshape but, even though she looked fidgety,
she did not say anything afterwards; she might have felt that there was no need to
pry into it any further since Shidou told her that he was okay.
gWhycccc.h
---should I be crying.
Shidou mumbled to himself.
Maybe he felt happy knowing that Origami was living happily. Or maybe------he felt
lonely that he could no longer see Origami again. Shidou was not very sure.
But, there was one.
Yesc..only one.
Shidou thought of one thing.
Origami, who could not live her life as a normal girl because her heart was
captured by revenge last time.
Origami, who placed herself into battles like it was normal and thrown away her
tears and smile.
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
102 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
He ------wanted to see her smile normally even if itfs just only for one time.
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
103 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
104 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 2
gccccccch
Evening. Kotori with her hair tied with black ribbons, was sitting in a reverse
position on the house living roomfs sofa while staring at something.
Further up her sights, she saw her brother fs back----Shidou preparing dinner in the
kitchen. The blue apron looks great on him, so much that itfs displeasing.
Nevertheless, itfs not like that scene was that rare. But, she felt that Shidou has been
acting strange since today morning.
He ran down energetically down the stairs during the morning, he tried confirming
the date, he then hugged Kotori and after saying something that only sound like he
has not waken up yet, he suddenly changed completely now and came back from
school with a really depressed expression. Just what could happen to make his
tension fall this far all of a sudden.
gcccc..Fuunh
After Kotori snorted, she moved around the rod of the chupa chups in her mouth
while turning her body posture back to normal.
It felt disgusting.
---she was unhappy that an event that caused Shidoufs heart to shake this much
happened at a place where Kotori did not know.
After Kotori crossed her legs unhappily, Yoshino, who was looking at Shidou like
her, let out a worried voice.
gWhat happenedcc..to Shidou-sanh
She has fluffy hair and sapphire blue eyes. It was a girl with a height close to
Kotorifs. She was currently wearing a light colored one piece.
gNeee. He doesnft look energetich
Matching up with Yoshinofs words, the rabbit puppet worn in her left hand-
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
105 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
[Yoshinon] flapped its mouth.
And as if to reply to that, another girl sitting beside Yoshino----Natsumi was making
a bored face (She actually wasnft that bored) by placing her hands under her chin
while letting out her voice.
gcccccThat listless look.----itfs a womanh
gWha------!?h
gEhccccc?h
Kotori and Yoshino widen their eyes when they heard Natsumifs words.
gWa-wait, what do you mean by thath
gAcc..woman?h
But, Natsumi immediately lost her confidence when Kotori and Yoshino asked her
why.
gcc..Ah, no, I might be wrong so, donft worry about itccc..h
gDonft go weak on me now. Hurry up and say ith
She grabbed Natsumifs head with both her hands and faced it towards her. When she
did that, Natsumifs eyes looked away in uneasiness while she nodded.
gcccc. If it comes to a worried high school male, the reason for it is most
likely a womanh
gSo that means, Shidou got dumped by someonecc..?h
gI didnft go that far butccca boy at that age will basically be conscious on how
his action vectors are, towards a girlcccc..maybe there is a strange rumor
about him spread around the girls, or he might be treated coldly by the girl beside
him; simple things like this will make boys depressedh
gI-I wonder if thatfs correctccc.h
After Yoshino made a meek face and said that, Natsumi made a big nod before
continuing.
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
106 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gYes. There is more; she would reply [Eeehc..] in a serious tone when you say letfs
team up! Or, when you picked up the eraser she dropped, she would [Ahcc.i donft
need that anymore, you can have itc..] or things like thath
gNa-Natsumi-sanccc.?h
gRight when the clubfs encouragement was heated up, and you took your application
form to her, she would tell you [Ah, but our morning training is seriously tough so
are you alright with it? No seriously, you donft have to force yourself you know?]
Or when we are having dodgeball during gym time and a girl ran away while
shouting [Kyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!] in a serious tone when I was about to throw the
ball; Ahh god damn it!h
gC-calm down!
For some reason, the last half turned into Natsumifs hateful complaintscccc
somehow, shefs a Spirit with quite a detailed knowledge of school life.
gcc..A-anyway. Something definitely happened in schoolccch
Natsumi said that while her breathing was a little rough. Kotori also agrees with her
on that opinion. She looked at Shidou, who looks somewhat lonely with the side of
her eyes while making a small nod.
gBut well, I think its okay to leave him alone since itfs not that seriousccch
gBut, itfs tough to seeccccShidou-san not energetic. Can we do something
about itccc?h
After Yoshino said that, Kotori scratched her cheeks.
gWell, even I want to do something about it but, asking me how is justccc.h
After Kotori sighed, Natsumi made a bitter face while saying this.
gccc.If a girl is the one giving a high school boy sorrow then, only a woman
can heal it righth
Kotori twitched her shoulders when she heard Natsumifs words.
gA womanccc..yes, thatfscccAh-re?h
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
107 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gcccc..uhh
gKyaaa! Natsumi-san you pervert!h
Yoshino and [Yoshinon] probably realized that meaning too. Yoshinofs face turned
red while [Yoshinon] covered its face with both its hands.
After Kotori brought her eyebrows closer, she *Ton**ton* hit the temple of her
head with her fingers while making the candy rod stand.
gWait just a second. Why must I do something like that for Shidou-----g
gI-Ic..will do it. If Shidou-san will get energetic with that then I willcc.h
gYoshino!?h
Kotori replied with a screechy voice, when she heard Yoshinofs unexpected words.
gHnnccc.I understand. Then leave it to me. One shot from Yoshino, and Shidou
will get lively. Okay, letfs startcccc.h
gWa-wait for just a moment!h
Kotori spread out her hand to interrupt Natsumifs words.
gcccc.W-what?h
Maybe she got surprised from her sudden voice, Natsumi froze.
gI didnft say I wonft do it, I didnft say nocc!h
gI- I seecc.then, Kotori tooh
gcccc.Fuun, I have no choice huh. ----so, what are you planning?h
When Kotori folded her arms and asked, Natsumi raised one finger and said her
proposal.
gcccc.because the imagination just now, it looks like I can use a bit of my
Reiryokuh
gHeh?h
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
108 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Kotori widen her eyes and let out a dumb-witted voice. However, she immediately
realized the meaning of those words.
Yes. Since Natsumifs mentality is exceptionally low compared to the other Spirits,
her mental condition will collapse easily even if itfs something this simple, and that
would cause her Reiryoku to counter-flow.
And-----Natsumifs power was a transformation power that allows her to change her
targets appearance.
gW-wait a sec. Donft tell me youfre going to make us into children and make the [A
zoo belonging only to me] again. Thatfs no good. If Shidou enter guardian father
mode then, it will cause more burden to him insteadh
Kotori warned her. Yes. Last time, the girls were turned to children because of
Natsumi, and they were made to wear animal ears with a leotard too.
However, Natsumi swung her head.
gThis timecc..itfs going to be oppositeh
gEh?h
gTheccc.opposite?h
Kotori and Yoshino looked at each other in wonder.
gccccc., that was closeh
Shidou, who was preparing dinner, suddenly twitched his shoulders.
Since he was cutting a cabbage while thinking, he was close to cutting his fingers.
gAhhhcc.this is no good, I have to be carefulh
He exhaled and lightly swings his head. Unexpectedly, it seems Origami was filling
his mind.
However, he canft stay like this forever. If he restarts cooking without focusing, the
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
109 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
girls might end up eating vegetables mixed with Shidoufs blood.
gAlrightcc..h
He calmed down by taking a deep breath and held the kitchen knife again.
At that moment.
g----Shi-shidou. Ifll help outh
Kotorifs slightly trembling voice could be heard from behind.
gHnn? Aah, thank you. Then, over there-----g
Shidou turned around while saying that and-------froze. His hands were trembling
from his loss of composure and that caused the knife to fall and stab into the
ground.
However, it was unavoidable. Kotori and Yoshino------Both of them werenft in their
familiar child appearances but have grown to girls who are about the same age as
Shidou.
Both of them grown taller, and were covered with a special beauty to girls who
placed their hands on the door to adulthood. Unlike Yoshino, whose breast grown
accordingly too, Kotorifs breast did not change much.
But, that was not all. It was their outfits.
He donft know the reason but, both of them were wearing an apron with frills over a
swimsuit and a head dress on their head, making them look like summer maids
which was out of season. Whatfs more, it seems that they are embarrassed because,
they were contracting their shoulders with red cheeks in an uncomfortable manner.
gWh-what are you two wearing, both of you!? Forget that, your body-----g
After Shidou said that in a flustered tone, both of them looked at each other before
cuddling into Shidoufs arms with awkward movements.
gW-why noth
gThatcc.is right. More importantly, please let usccc.help tooh
gHe-help outccch
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
110 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Sweat flowed down when Shidou heard their words. Since they were joining
Shidoufs arms, he might accidently feel their breast if he made any movements.
Especially, Yoshinofs were dangerous. It seems that there is some room for him, in
Kotorifs side.
gcc..Shidou? Are you thinking of something rude?h
gccc!h
Kotori sensed something and glared at him. Shidou quickly swung his head. Now
that he thinks about it, Kaguya said the same thing in the morning. For a moment
there, he was about to leak out a question about gDo girls with small breasts have
sharp senses?h but, Shidou will become todayfs Ikedukuri[11B 1] for dinner if he
asked so, he gave up on the thought.
This situation was as if he was dreaming. Butcccc.Shidou had an idea for this
development.
Thatfs obvious. Thatfs because Shidou has experienced looking after this power just
a few days ago.
gNatsumi! This is your work huh!?h
Shidou saw the top of her head twitch while it was poking out from the shadows of
the sofa, when he shouted.
After a while of silence, Natsumi gave up and slowly revealed her face. As expected
the Spirit-Natsumi, who has the power of transformation was over there.
Just like Kotori and Yoshino, Natsumi grew up to a high school girl. Butccc.she
was wearing a normal maid outfit and was not like them, who were in stimulating
outfits.
g-------wait over there damn it!h
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
111 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
112 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Kotori shouted when she saw Natsumi.
gNatsumi! Why arenft you in a swimsuit! We already agreed that all of us will go
like that!h
Natsumi looked away awkwardly at Kotorifs words.
gccNo, well you seecccc.thinking carefully, itfs kind of embarrassing and so
uncool and somewhat idioticccc.h
gSo you let us wear something this idiotic!h
gKo-Kotori-chancc.calm downcc..h
Even though Yoshino calmed her down, Kotori still looked pissed. She rolled up her
invisible sleeves and jumped towards Natsumi.
gWhy you little; Ifll make you like us!h
gU-uwahh!h
Natsumi raised a screechy shout and quickly ran away from the shadows of the sofa.
However, Kotori did not give up too. both of them then started running around the
living room.
gWait right there! Ifll tear off those clothesc!h
gIyaaaaaaaaah! I.am. going. To. Get. Raped!h
gWho the hell is going to do that!?h
Kotori shouted to Natsumi, who said that with teary eyes. Dust puffed up nearby
them because they were running around vigorously.
gO-oi, both of you calm down!h
gItfs, not good cc.. To fightcc..h
When Shidou was trying to stop them, he took of his apron and walked to the living
room. Yoshino with a troubled face followed him from behind.
But, that didnft go well. Since they were playing tag in the living room with many
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
113 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
obstacles, Natsumifs leg got caught under the carpet and fell towards their direction.
Of course, Kotori who was chasing behind her also had to stop suddenly. She dived
to Natsumifs back with all her might.
gWa-wawa!h
gWha-----!h
gKyaaccccc..!h
gWai------g
All their voices mixed together and afterwards; they caused a grand crash with the
sofa and table dragged into the process. Incomparable to the amount of dust when
Kotori and Natsumi were playing tag, huge amounts of dust puffed out.
gOuchcccare you all alright-----!?h
Shidou raised his body while saying that with a groan but-------his voice screeched.
Thatfs because, his face was thrust into Natsumifs skirt when they fell. Natsumifs butt
which was separated with one thin cloth expanded in his view, causing him to gasp.
gGyaa--------------!h
gU-uwaaaaaaaaaaaaah!?h
The same time they shouted, Natsumi stood up as if she felt a backlash from
something. Shidoufs face got squashed for a moment there.
gHey, what are you doing Shidou!h
gA-are you okay, Shidou-sancc..h
gY-yeah-------g
Shidou, who replied to their voices, stopped his words again. It probably got caught
onto something when they fell; Kotorifs bottom swimsuit was slid down------as for
Yoshino; her bra part got unraveled, causing her voluptuous bust to peek out from
the side of the apron (Yoshinon performed a fine save though).
They realized that a moment later. They dropped their sights onto their body and
their face blushed red.
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
114 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
ggKyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!?hh
Both of them shouted at the same time and crouched down to hide their breast and
buttocks.
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
115 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
116 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
At that moment, Natsumi was pushed over when she stood up and once again fell
onto Shidoufs face with her butt.
gUkyaaaaaaaaaa!!h
gcccc..!?h
3 shouts and 1 voiceless shout echoed throughout the Itsuka living room.
gHaaaccccthat suckedcc.h
After a few minutes. Shidou cool his nose with a wet towel while making a big sigh.
Kotori, Yoshino, and Natsumi already reverted back to normal. From what Shidou
could see, they were dropping their shoulders apologetically.
gFuunccc.Ifm sorryh
gI am sorryc..Shidou-sanh
gccc.sorryh
Starting from the right side; they started apologizing. Shidou made another sigh
before making a wry smile.
gItfs okay. Donft worry about it.------itfs my fault to make you all concerned about
me. You wanted to cheer me up right?h
After Shidou said that, 3 of them nodded while they were still apologetic.
Looking at them like that, Shidou scratched his head. It seems, he was so down that
the girls could easily find out. Even though he was told not to break the Spirits
mental state in a daily basis, this was the completely opposite of what he should be
doing. After Shidou placed the towel on the table he *pan**pan* slapped his face to
take focus.
g-------Thanks, you girls. I am focused now. I am okay nowh
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
117 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Shidou saw their cheeks relaxed a bit when he said that.
Kotori immediately opened her eyes before folding her hand to act tough.
gFu-fuuncc..Thatfs good. I wonft pry on what happened to you but, the Spirits will
feel uneasy if you keep that uph
gAah, sorryh
Shidou felt that Kotori acting tough was kind of cute so he made a wry smile while
shrugging his shoulders.
But, it seems Kotori does not like to be taken lightly by Shidou. She made her mouth
look like a ‚Ö shape and continued.
gItfll be a problem if you keep losing focus like that. We wonft know when a Spirit
will appear. Of course for unknown spirits, there is still Kurumi and also even
<Devil>----g
gEh?h
Shidou raised his eyebrows in reflex when he heard the codename Kotori said.
gHe-hey wait a second there, Kotori. <Devil>cc..? Who is that Spirit?h
He looked back at Kotori and replied back.
<Devil>. At the very least, it was a name Shidou did not hear before.
However, Kotori brought her eyebrows closer in doubt.
gWhat are you saying Shidou. Itfs that Spirit hunter <Devil> you know? Alongside
<Nightmare>-Tokisaki Kurumi, shefs the target we have to be the most cautious to.
Donft tell me you forgoth
gAlongsidec..with Kurumi?h
Sweat flowed down Shidoufs forehead.
This world has a slightly different kind of flow compared to the world Shidou knew.
He was forced to know that today. If thatfs the case, there is a possibility that a Spirit
Shidou does not know has appeared already.
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
118 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
However-----it was hard to believe that a Spirit worth being cautious alongside that
worst Spirit-Kurumi would appear.
Kotori folded her hands with deeper doubt when she saw Shidoufs reactions.
gAre youc..seriously saying that? What is wrong with you today? Itfs as if your
memories until yesterday completely disappearedh
gccaah, sorryh
He slightly lowered his head when Kotorifs words were close to the mark. Kotori
then made a sigh before making the rod of the Chupa chups in her mouth stand.
gccc..so, you really donft remember?h
gAahccccan you explain to me if possible. Er-----about that <Devil>h
When Shidou said that, Kotori sighed once more before nodding.
g<Devil>. We confirmed her manifestation but, we have no success in contact; shefs
an unidentified Spirit. And-----g
Kotori left one moment gap before continuing her words.
g------This is just my speculations but, she might be an inverse-typeh
gWhaccc..!?h
Shidou widen his eyes in reflex.
gAn Inverse typecc..? What do you mean? Are you saying that an inversed Spirit
appears normally?h
gLike I said, I donft know the detailsh
Kotori said it irritated. This information must be something the Shidou of this world
has to know.
The question of----why an inversed Spirit appeared did not stop popping out but,
there were mountain worth of things he does not know. He regained his composure
and continued his questions.
gcccc.what was that [Spirit hunter] you said just nowh
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
119 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gJust like what I meant.------<Devil> does not appear alone. She will only appear
when other Spirits manifested as wellccccc..and attack that spirit. For
Natsumi, it would have been dangerous if the girls weren't there to save herh
After Kotori said that, she looked towards Natsumi. Maybe she recalled back the
events that happened then, Natsumifs shoulders were slightly trembling.
gWai-wait. Attack Spirits? Thatfscccch
gYes. Itfs just like the AST and DEM.------at first, we suspected her for being a part
of their organization. Thatccc..Just maybe, they tamed a Spirit to attack other
Spirits. But from what we can see, <Devil> is not associated or aiding the neither
DEM nor AST. Actually, both the AST and DEM also attacked <Devil>h
gThen whyccc..would <Devil> attack the Spiritsccc..?h
gWho knows. There might be a reason but we wonft know until we ask her. She
would immediately blink somewhere so <Ratatoskr> has not come in contact with
her, not even once"
Kotori shrugs her shoulders exaggeratedly. Sweat flow down Shidoufs cheeks while
he placed his hands on his chin.
The Spirit that hunts other Spirits, <Devil>. A weird odd feeling appeared inside
Shidoufs heart when he heard that.
gHeycccc.can I see an image or a video of that <Devil>ccc?h
gWe do have it butcccc..i think itfs meaningless to see it okay?h
gEh? What do you mean?h
When Shidou asked, Kotori [Uuun] scratched her head while moving the candyfs
rod up and down.
gWellccccca picture is worth a thousand words. Wait over thereh
Kotori left the living room, after she said that. She then immediately brought a B5
size terminal tab from her own room.
gItfs this. Take a lookh
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
120 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Kotori placed the tab on the table and played the video.
A completely destroyed city was shown. There were smokes and explosions nearby
and he could tell that it was in the battlefield.
--inside there.
[That] was there.
It was a human silhouette covered with darkness. I see, itfs no wonder that Kotori
said [itfs meaningless]. Not only was it difficult to distinguish the human shape, her
face was covered in darkness and could not be seen. But, the part where several
wings were floating around that human provided enough convincement to give the
name <Devil> to that silhouette.
When he saw that.
gcc.ah-----g
Shidou leaked a soft voice.
It was not because he saw the Spiritfs strange appearance.
---it was because he knows this Spirit.
Itfs true that he canft see her face and expressions.
But, Shidou knew. He saw this Spirit before.
gNoc..wayccc.h
*Kata**kata* his teeth clattered. His whole body trembled with short intervals in
between.
Thatfs because, thatfs-----
gccccOri-gamicch
Yes. That was Origami, who turned into a Spirit and inversed.
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
121 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
122 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 3
The next day. After Shidou reached school with Tohka like yesterday, he let out a
loud yawn, when he reached his own seat.
Tohka, who was sitting at his right side, opened her eyes in wonder.
gMu, are you sleepy, Shidouh
gAahcccI didnft sleep enough yesterdayh
gMuu, thatfs no good. Are you okay?h
gHahacccwell, I guess Ifll take a nap before dinner after schoolh
After Shidou made a wry smile, he simply wiped off the tear oozing out from his
eyes and made a small sigh before absent-mindedly gazing to his left seat. The seat
that Origami used, in the previous world.
gcccccc.h
---The reason for his lack of sleep was obvious. The reason was divided into two
big roads last night.
For the first one; he went outside. Shidou slipped out of his house alone after dinner
and head towards a certain place.
Yes. It was the mansion Origami used to live at the previous world, and the Tenguu
Nankou town residential area where the fire disaster occurred 5 years ago.
There was one reason why he did that. He thought Origami might be there.
However, reality wasnft that sweet.
There was no one living in that mansionfs room and the house that the Tobiichi
family used to live had another signboard placed in front. He asked the people
living in the house about the Tobiichi family just in case but, they donft know their
exact location.
gOrigamicccch
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
123 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Shidou looked at the empty seat while mumbling to himself.
The video Kotori showed yesterday. The unidentified Spirit- <Devil> shown inside,
was definitely Tobiichi Origami. Whatfs more, she was not a normal Spirit-----but
an inverse-type.
*Creak* he clenched his teeth.
---he doesnft get it.
In the world 5 years ago, Shidou should have succeeded in changing history.
Origami should be living as a normal girl in a normal world.
But even soccccc.Just what happened to make Origami turn into a Spirit. And
why was she inversed.
Furthermore, judging by what Kotori said, Origami attacked other spirits. If thatfs
the case then itfs no different than the time she was with the AST.
And, <Devil> will disappear too when the Spirit got Lost. Thanks to that, the city
wonft suffer that many damages.
His head hurt because there were many things he donft know. Just what happened in
this 5 years and this world. Shidou scratched his head.
gDamn itccccwhy is that the onlyccc.h
He recalled back another action he took yesterday while saying that in irritation.
The other action Shidou took. That was to collect as much information of this world
as possible.
---The moment he found out about Origami in this world, endless amount of
uneasiness and questions filled his mind.
He thought that just maybe; events different from the one in Shidoufs memories
might have occurred in this world and he does not know about it. Or maybe--------
events that should happen never happened at all.
Shidou returned home and talked to the girls (Kotori looked quite suspicious
though), and managed to peek into the <Fraxinus> database even though itfs brief.
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
124 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Conclusion; he found out that the flow of history in this world almost matches with
Shidoufs memories.
Kotori turned into a Spirit 5 years again, and found <Ratatoskr>.
On 10th of April, Shidou met Tohka and sealed her.
After that, Yoshinofs sealing, Kurumifs and Manafs encounter, the Yamai sister fs
sealing, the battle with DEM and the sealing event for Miku and Natsumi. Everything
matches exactly to what Shidou knew.
Yes------beautifully leaving out, his relations with Tobiichi Origami.
When he was thinking about that, the chime signifying the start of class time rang
and the door opened with his homeroom teacher Tama-chan entering the room. We
stood up when we were told to, bowed down before sitting back down.
gOkay, good morning everyone. Letfs work hard for today as wellh
Tama-chan said that with a smile. But, Shidou didnft hear most of her words. He
looked out the window blankly while resting his chin on his hand.
gcccccc..h
---As expected, he had to see Origami one more time. After thinking for one whole
evening, that was the answer Shidou reached.
When he found out yesterday that everyone didnft know Origami, and when he
found out that the Shidou of this world has not even met Origami before, he thought
that he would no longer be associated with Origami anymore. Actually-------he felt
that this might be the best choice for Origami. There was just no way that, meddling
with Origamifs life when she is living a happy life was a good thing to do. Shidou
felt that it was enough if Origami was living somewhere in this world in peace.
But, now that he saw that video, he could not say that any longer.
The ravages of war clinging around Origami werenft over yet. Shidoufs mission
wasnft over. This disgusting world was still burdening her with a cruel fate.
Nonetheless, Shidou was too unknowledgeable about this world.
However, even if he made his resolve, there were several walls blocking him from
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
125 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
his goals.
In the first place, the Origami of this world does not know about Shidou. Even
before that, he does not know where Origami is.
gccccccclike I thought, I canft do anything aloneh
After Shidou mumbled that with an inaudible volume, he *Ton**Ton* tapped the
table with his fingers.
As expected, he needs <Ratatoskr>fs help on how he should move. Once he gets
back home, he has to explain the situation to Kotori and look for Origami.
cccbelieving something like changing history by slipping through time was
doubtful but, they wonft flat out refuse since this was related to the Spirit-<Devil>.
gOkaycccc..h
While looking outside through the window, Shidou gripped his fist to strengthen his
resolve.
And----at that time.
gAh, oh yes. Today, I will introduce a friend to all of you. ------okay, come inh
The same time Tama-chan said that as if she recalled back the matter, *Gara* the
classroom door opened and a girl entered. Itfs a transfer student.
He felt that it was rare that a transfer student would come in at this time but, it wasnft
the time for him to be concerned about that. Shidou did not look away and took a
glance towards them.
But------
gcccc.Heh?h
Shidou opened his eyes in shock when he saw the girl walking to the teacher fs desk.
It was a slim girl with a graceful face like a doll. The color covering her back was a
little pale and it made her look like a princess from another country.
The moment the girl appeared, he noticed his classmates turned noisy. The males
leaned forward with an [Oooooh!?] while the girls had sparkles in their eyes.
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
126 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
However, Shidou was the only one astonished within them and stared at the girlfs
face.
The reason was simple. He was familiar with that girlfs face.
gOkay, please introduce yourselfh
Tama-chan asked the transfer student.
The girl then nodded before facing forward and talked with a soft voice.
g-----I am Tobiichi Origami. Everyone, glad to meet you allh
She then took a deep bow. Everyone in class turned noisy.
A part of the students probably recalled back Shidou saying the rare name
[Origami] yesterday. Some were tilting their head wondering why; maybe they read
too much into it vulgarly, they looked towards Shidou with a prankster fs smile.
But, Shidou didnft have the leisure to respond to that now.
gWhacccc.h
He widen his eyes and a trembling voice leaked out from his lips.
Although her hair length was different, it was definitely Miss Tobiichi Origami
inside Shidoufs memories.
When Shidou couldnft let out his voice from the shock, Tama-chan moved her
sights to look around the classroom.
gEeeerr, as for Tobiichi-sanfs seatccc.The seat beside Itsuka-kun is empty I see.
Can you sit over there?h
gI understandh
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
127 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Origami agreed and slowly walked towards Shidoufs direction.
But, Origami suddenly stopped after taking a few steps.
The reason was immediately known. Their eyes met since Shidou was staring at
Origami.
gAh----g
gEhccc.?h
The same time Shidou leaked a short voice out from his throat, Origami widen her
eyes in surprise.
Her eyes met with a boy who was staring at her. There was no way she wouldnft be
surprised.
However, it was strange. Origamifs reactions looked a little different from the said
reason.
g----No way. Youfrecc..h
Yes. She said it as if she was familiar with Shidoufs face.
But, after Origami immediately swung her head to regain her composure, she then
changed completely by bowing down formally before settling down on the seat
designated by Tama-chan.
g---------g
Shidou looked at Origami series of actions while feeling his heart pumping faster.
---What was that just now? Origami knows Shidou?
It was impossible, thinking logically. However, then just now-----
gOkay! Letfs start with the attendance!h
Tama-chan started calling the students name with a cheerful voice but, none of it
entered Shidoufs ears.
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
128 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
129 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
130 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Chapter 9: Instinct
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
131 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
132 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 1
gccc.Haaah?h
Kotorifs suspicious voice could be heard over the other side of the phone.
Nevertheless, it was something natural. Shidou would probably give the same
reaction if she suddenly calls him during break time to report about [That
information].
Yes. Shidou slipped out of the classroom after the homeroom ended and called
Kotori after he reached an empty spot.
Kotori was giving agreeable responses when she first picked up the phone but, the
rustling sound of her changing her ribbon could be heard half-way through and she
said those words.
Kotori followed her words with perplexed words.
gWait for a moment there. What is going on? Please explain in detailsh
gcc..Just like what I said. <Devil>, transferred into my classh
Shidou bitterly said that words he told Kotori just now, once more.
gLike I say, I donft get your meaning. Why would <Devil> transfer into your
schoolcccno, in the first place, <Devil> is an unidentified Spirit. We have not
confirmed her neither her name nor face before. Just how did you know that the
person that transferred in is <Devil>?h
gThatfsccc.h
That was a good question. Shidou hesitated.
gI have no time now so Ifll explain the details when we get back home. Butcc..i am
serious. Believe meh
gccccc.h
After Shidou said that, Kotori kept silent for a while before *Haa* making a sigh.
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
133 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gcccI get it. Ifll send an observation unit over just in case. Anything more, will
depend on the results we geth
gccc.! You believe me!?h
It was something he said but, it was a little unexpected. When Shidou let out a
surprised voice, Kotori replied back with a tired manner.
gHonestly, itfs a 50 50. -----but, therefs no way I wonft do anything if I was told
that <Devil>fs identity is known when we are clueless about herh
She then continued on.
"I donft think Shidou would say something without any proof anyway.
Noccc..even if itfs a gut feeling, you have done enough for me to believe those
wordsh
gKotoricccc..h
gHowever, if you are thinking of making <Ratatoskr> investigate and get
informationfs about a girl you like; you wonft get away easilyh
gI-I wonft do that!h
After Shidou shouted, Kotori [Unn] groaned.
gThen, we will start investigating now. Err, what is that female studentfs name?h
gOrigami. Itfs Tobiichi Origamih
gTobiichi Origami. Tobiichi------g
Kotori stopped her words at that moment. Her throat sounded softly as if she
recalled something.
gIsnft thatcc.perhaps itfs, ASTfs Tobiichi Origami?h
gHuhc..!?h
Shidou widen his eyes when he heard Kotorifs words. AST. It is the abbreviation of
the Anti-Spirit team, even within the JGDSF.
Itfs true that Origami was affiliated with that organization. But, this should be
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
134 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
something in the previous world. Therefs no way for Kotori to know that-----
Shidou twitched his shoulders when he thought that far.
gKotori, donft tell me you have memories of the previous worldcc?h
gHaah? What are you saying? Youfre still dragging yesterdayfs dream again?h
However, Kotori replied back with a calm tone.
gIf I am correct, there is a member with that name in the AST. She fought with the
girls many times before. But, she resigned just a while agoh
gWha----g
Shidoufs wordfs got stuck. Itfs not like Kotori regained her memories of the
previous world. But even so, Origami was still affiliated with the AST.
The reality those 2 facts shown. It was something really simple.
---Origami is in the AST in this world too.
gJust whyccc.h
gWhat do you mean by whyccc.you mean the reason why she quit the AST?
How would I know thath
Kotori probably misunderstood Shidoufs mumble as a question; Kotori *fuun*
snorted while saying that.
gBut now that you mentioned it, the time when Tobiichi Origami resigned AST and
the time <Devil> started appearing, matches. Fumu, If the reason why she turned
into a Spirit was because she resigned thencc..h
Kotori groaned while started mumbling something.
But, half of those words passed through Shidoufs ears.----inside Shidoufs head, the
fact that Origami entered the AST was swirling inside his head.
The reason why Origami entered the AST in the previous world in the first place,
was to kill the Spirit that killed her parents. In this world where her parents were
saved, just what kind of event pushed Origami to do such a thing.
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
135 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
g----Hey Shidou, are you listening?h
gcc..! Y-yeahccc.sorryh
Shidou got surprised when Kotori called him.
gMouu, get a grip. Anyway, we will be investigating if whether or not Tobiichi
Origami is a Spirit. Shidou, you report to us too if you find anything.----but, if
Tobiichi Origami really is that <Devil> then she is a really dangerous Inverse-type.
Please donft be recklessh
gY-yeahccsorry about thath
After Shidou said that, he offed his phone.
gccccccch
He leaned against the wall after stuffing his phone into his pocket. The much
information got too complicated inside his mind, and he couldnft arrange all of
them.
But, nothing will happen like this. After Shidou took a deep breath, he then returned
back to the 2nd year class 4.
When he entered the classroom, he found a crowd of people at the window side. It
seems everyone was interested at the cute transfer student. Origami was making a
troubled face in the center of his classmates.
And at right at that moment, the chime signifying the start of class time rang and
everyone went back to their seats while waving back. He saw Origami *Haa*
exhaled, after she waved back to them.
gcccchahah
Shidoufs cheeks turned softer by reflex when he saw that unfamiliar scene. If it was
the Origami he knew then, she wonft change her expression at all.
Butcc..this was something he doesnft get.
Why would Origami enter the AST in this world? Why did she become a Spirit?
Why-----did she inversed. And also, how is she able to return to her human form
and maintain her consciousness even though she inversed. Itfs just plain mysterious
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
136 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
no matter how much he thinks.
And, the teacher entered the classroom when Shidou was thinking.
gClass is about to start. Sit downh
gAhcc.sorryh
After Shidou quickly returned to his seat, he took out his textbook and notes onto the
table.
But, naturally, he canft focus in class. Shidofs sights were directed towards
Origamifs direction.
---Like I thought, I have to talk to her at least once. Shidou does not know anything
about the Origami of this world.
But, people would probably crowd around her like just now, if it becomes break
time. Judging by this rate, it is going to be hard for Shidou to talk to her.
gccccccch
After Shidou immersed himself in thoughts for a while, he wrote words at the edge
of his note.
He then tore it out and folded it before placing it onto Origamifs table without the
teacher noticing.
gcccc?h
Origami, who noticed that, tilted her head.
After looking at the words written inside the piece of paper, Origami widen her eyes
in surprise.
At that dayfs break time. After Shidou sneaked out of the classroom, he headed
towards the stairs leading to the roof.
Since it was far away from the classroom block, there arenft many students that
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
137 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
would come here. Actually, the stairs was so quiet that it made the hustle and bustle
echoing in the school a lie.
However, that does not signify the fact that no one was here.
There was already one girl standing there.------it was the transfer student, who is the
topic of the day; Tobiichi Origami.
Even within the students that passed their 3 years here in the school; only a very
small number of them knows of the existence of this isolated area. Itfs weird to think
that a transfer student would be at such a place.
However, Shidou was not surprised. Thatfs because,
gErr, thish
Origami took out a torn piece of paper from her pocket and showed Shidou. Itfs true
that it was Shidoufs handwriting and the words were mainly to tell her to come here
at break time.
Yes. Shidou called Origami out here.
gAah, Sorry. Calling you out all of a suddenh
gUun. That is okaycc..so, what do want?h
Origami asked with a slightly stern expression.
But, it was probably normal. She was called out to this remote place by a male
student she first met. Itfs not weird for her to feel danger. Rather, Shidou should be
grateful to her for listening to his request and come here alone.
However for some reasonccccccc.itfs quite a new experience that instead
of Shidou being cautious of Origami, Origami was the one that was cautious of
Shidou.
gAh---cccc..h
Shidou scratched his cheeks while wondering what he should talk about. There were
mountain worth of things he wanted to ask but, suddenly pressuring her with them
will bring out the possibility of strengthening her cautiousness.
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
138 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gHey, Origamih
gEhh?h
Origami made a surprised face. Shidou didnft get the meaning at first but, he
immediately realized the reason.
gSo-sorry. Tobiichiccc.san. Sorry for calling your nameh
gU-un, I was just a little surprised. Errccc.Itsuka-kunh
Origami said Shidoufs name. Shidou made a wry smile when he heard that
unfamiliar call.
gIs something wrong?h
gNo, nothing. More importantly, Tobiichi-san. You said something when you saw
my face during the morning right? What was that all about?h
gAahcccch
When Shidou said that, Origami made an expression as if she recalled back
something.
gSorry to rub you in the wrong way. Itsuka-kun looked exactly like a person I met a
long time ago so, I got surprisedh
gEhccc.?h
Shidou raised his eyebrows in reflex.
gThatfs-----mecccc?h
gUun, there is no way. Thatfs because, I met that person 5 years ago. Itsuka-kun is
still in elementary school. Also----g
Origami looked downwards.
g-----That person already passed away. 5 years ago, in front of meh
gcccc..!h
Shidou realized something when he heard those words. The identity of the person
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
139 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Origami was talking about.
That person is definitely Shidou. Itfs true that when Shidou saved the parents of the
Origami from 5 years ago; his eyes met with Origami even though it was just for an
instant.
gIs that all you wanted to talk? I want to go back to classccch
gccccc! Ah, wait a sech
Shidou quickly stopped Origami, who was going down the stairs. Shidou has not
gained any of the information he wanted.
Nonetheless, he could not see any advancement if he acts as a student that knows
nothing. He made up his mind and opened his mouth.
gPerhaps, the person you met 5 years ago-----was during the fire disaster in the
Nankou town?h
gEh------?h
Origami widens her eyes when she heard Shidoufs words.
gHow, do you knowcc..h
Just when she was about to finish, Origami made a surprised face.
gPerhaps---that person was Itsuka-kunfs older brotherccc..?h
gHeh?h
Shidou let out an idiotic voice when he heard Origamifs unexpected words. It seems,
she thinks that Shidou is the brother of the person she met 5 years ago. But it was
probably normal for her to do that. She wonft believe him if Shidou told her that it
was him.
He does not want to have her misunderstand this butccccc.if he is able to
advance the conversation smoothly then it had to be done. Shidou judged that and
tilted his head forward.
gWellccc.around there I guessh
When Shidou said that, Origami suddenly changed her expression. Her eyebrows
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
140 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
distorted and her face looked as if she was going to cry soon.
gTo-Tobiichicc..san?h
gcccc..!h
Origami walked to Shidou and after taking his hands, she took a deep bow.
gYour brother saved my father and mother. If not for that person, they would have
died on the spot. It might not be enough no matter how much words of thanks I give
you but, let me say this. Thank you----Thank you very muchcc.!h
gA-aahccc..h
Shidou got taken back at Origamifs reaction and replied back vaguely.
But, her words were able to give Shidou one important information. As expected,
Shidou successfully saved Origamifs parents 5 years ago. Shidou exhaled in relief.
gAhh
Origami noticed something and immediately let go of Shidoufs hands before she
lowered her head one more time with her cheeks blushing.
gI-I am really sorry; that was all of a suddenh
gNocc..itfs okayh
He made a wry smile when he felt a weird strong emotion from the reaction that
does not look like it belongs to Origami.
However, the same time he confirmed one reality, the other problems turned even
more mysterious.
gErrccccc..Tobiichi-san. Tobiichi-sanfs parents were saved right?h
gYesh
Origami nodded. Shidou exhaled before continuing.
gThen, are you living together with them now?h
gcccc.No. My parents died in a car accident 4 years agoh
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
141 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
g------!? Ehccc.!?h
Shidou raised a high-pitched voice in reflex when he heard those words Origami
said while she was looking downwards.
gN-no waycccch
The correcting force of history; such a word grazed his mind. Kurumi did not deny
nor agree this but-----in the end, the powerless feeling of unable to change the death
end of Origamifs parents no matter what he does, attacked Shidou.
gItsuka-kuncccc.?h
Origami frowned her eyebrows in suspicion in response to Shidoufs shock. Thatfs
normal. It was only natural for her to feel something was off if a boy she first met
today showed such a reaction.
However, she swung her head to calm herself down before lowering her head.
gI am sorrycccccc.even though, Itsuka-kunfs brother saved themh
gNo, there is no such thingh
gButh
Origami lifted her face and continued on with a dignified manner.
gIn the 1 year after Itsuka-kunfs brother saved my father and mother, I received
many things from them. That was something that I wonft get if not for Itsuka-kunfs
brother; it is something precious to me. I am----really thankfulh
He could not see any falsehood coming from Origamifs face when she said that.
gI- I seeccccc.h
Shidou said that while slightly looking away. It was really sad that Origamifs parents
died and he felt sorry for her butccccc..the words he heard from Origami just
now helped him quite a bit from the thought that what he did was all useless.
However, Origami said that her parents died from a car accident. If that is real then--
-----
After making his resolve, Shidou lifted his face, stared at Origamifs eyes and
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
142 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
opened his mouth after he gulped.
gThen-----why did Tobiichi-san entered the AST?h
gEh----g
Origami gasped when she heard Shidoufs words.
Yes. That was Shidoufs question. Origamifs parents escaped the Angelfs attack on
that day on the fire disaster. If that happened then, Origami shouldnft be harboring
any hatred towards the Spiritcccc?
gWhy do you know of the AST------g
When Origami was about to finish, she recalled back something and raised her
eyebrows.
gPerhaps, Itsuka-kun has gone outside when the space quake alarm was initiated?h
gEhcccc? Ah-----g
Shidou let out a short reply when he heard and saw Origamifs words and suspicious
expression.
Thatfs right. Origami affiliated with the AST in this world too means that there was
the possibility that Shidou was seen running to the spot to talk to the Spirits.
gA-aahcc..actuallyh
gccc..Like I thought. I wasnft mistaken after allh
gHeh?h
gThis topic was raised several times in the team. That, there was a citizen still
around the danger zone. -------I felt that the person looked similar to [That Person at
that time] but, I thought that it would be Itsuka-kunh
After saying that, Origamifs sights turned stern.
gIt is really dangerous. Please avoid that from now onh
gE-eerrccccccch
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
143 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Shidou replied back vaguely when he was pressed for an answer. Even though he
was told that; as long as there is a mission from <Ratatoskr>, he has to continue
standing in front of the Spirits from now on too.
Just how did she take that reaction? Origami exhaled.
He was prepared if she wanted to pursuit for more but, Origami did not pry further
into his situation.
Instead, she made a strong-willed expression and looked back at Shidou.
gYou askedcccwhy I joined the ASTh
gYeah, can you tell me if itfs okay with you?h
Origami tilted her head forward when Shidou said that.
gItsuka-kun, if you know the AST then, you should also know the cause for the
Space quake right?h
gccc.Spirit.h
gThatfs right. A special biological disaster, Spirit. -----And, you might have already
investigated this but, the one that killed your brother at that fire 5 years ago, was a
Spirith
gThatfs-----g
Shidoufs throat rang as if he was speaking ambiguously. Shidou was alive and well
like this but, he probably looks someone that got erased to Origami at that time.
Origami clenched her fist harder and continued.
gThat person sacrificed himself to save my father and mother. The reason for my
current self, is thanks to him.-----thatfs why, I thought this. I donft want any more
people to end up like him. Thatccc..I will become someone that would protect
the people from the Spiritsh
gAhccc..h
A meaningless voice leaked out from his throat.
It felt like the scattered puzzle pieces were concentrating into one frame.
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
144 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
In the previous world, Origami made up her mind to defeat the Spirits because of
the anger caused by the Spirit killing her parents.
Shidou went back to the world of 5 years ago to avoid that and successfully saved
Origamifs parents.
But, the secondary [Shidoufs death] that happened when [Her parents death] was
avoided, became the new live coals to Origamifs new determination.
How----ironic. Shidou felt his heart turning noisy at the wicked prank of fate.
gcccItsuka-kunh
Origami tilted her head maybe because she felt suspicious since Shidou was silent.
Shidoufs fingers twitched.
gAah, no, nothingccccch
Of course he was not okay. But, he could only answer that now.
Shidou succeeded in changing the world. But in the end, Origami has witness
something. She witnessed a Spirit----killed a person.
However, the meaning of that does not only show despair.
The events that happened in the previous world and this world were different. The
results were the same at first glance but, instead of her parents that she was with for
several years getting killed in the previous world; in this world, the only person
Origami saw die was a young man who she has no clue what his name was.
More importantly, that young man was now living normally like this. If he could
explain that fact properly to her then, she might-----
But, Shidou bit his lips at that moment. There was one big problem he forgotten.
Yes. Not only did the Origami of this world turn into a Spirit, she also inversed too.
Shidou was not very clear on how to make the [Inverse] appear. But, he was very
certain that the Spirits have to fall into deep despair for it to occur.
gcccccc.h
Shidou looked at Origami once more. Itfs true that her atmosphere and talking
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
145 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
pattern was different from the Origami he was familiar with. However, the girl right
in front of him right now does not look like she feels despair to this world at the
very least.
Kotori warned him not to be reckless. However------he had to ask her this.
gCan I askcc..one more question?h
gWhat is it?h
Origami tilted her small head. Shidou made up his mind and asked her.
g----why did Tobiichi-sancc.turn into a Spirith
However.
gHai?h
Origami widens her eyes in wonder at Shidoufs words.
gErr, turn into a Spiritcc? What are you talking about?h
gHeh?h
It was Shidou who widen his eyes this time from that unexpected reaction.
He thought she was playing a fool butcc.he was wrong. Origami really does not
know what Shidou was talking about.
gWhat do you meancc? If I am correct, thatfsccc.h
And, when Shidou mumbled softly while thinking about something, the bell
signifying class was about to start soon, echoed in the school. It seems lunch break
was over.
gIt looks like lunch break is over. I will be going back first.------Thank you very
much, Itsuka-kun. I am very happy to have talked to youh
She then went down the stairs after she said that.
gAh------g
Shidou let out his voice as if he was relying on that back. There was still mountain
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
146 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
worth of things he doesnft know. He felt that he must not let Origami go back now.
gCan we talk----a little longer?h
gBut, itfs already time for class you know?h
gIt doesnft have to be today! If you have a free day----can I meet you again then?h
gEh? Isnft that--------g
Origami made a surprised look and her cheeks blushed next.
After seeing that reaction, Shidou noticed it one beat later and [Ah] his face turned
red.
---That way of talking sounds just sounds as if I was inviting her to a datecc.!
gErrcc..h
When Shidou was being flustered on how he should take fix those words, Origami
looked away while opening her lips.
gccc.er, can you give me some time to think about it?h
gHeh? O-of coursecc..!h
After Shidou replied by reflex, Origami bowed down at the spot.
gThen, Ifll be going nowh
She then jogged down the stairs.
gcccccc.h
cc..Honestly, it was an unexpected scene. Shefs girlishcccc.he feels bad to the
Origami of the previous world for saying this but, her reaction does not look like it
belongs to Origami.
gNoccc.h
Shidou slowly swung his head. Origami must be a girl like this in the first place.
Her personality turned to a calm and rational stance because of her parentfs death.
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
147 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Butcccccwhat is this weird feeling. He feels that the current Origami is cute
but, his heart feels somewhat lonely or it feels like it is lacking something.
gcccc.I might have gotten too used to the old Origamih
After Shidou mocked himself, he followed Origami and went down the stairs.
While tiredly mumbling to himself and walking through the corridor, he reached
the 2nd year class 4. The English teacher entered the classroom immediately and the
5th period started.
And-----after who knows how long passed since class started.
Suddenly, Origami, who was sitting on his left side, started making odd movements.
gHnncccc?h
Feeling something was off, Shidou looked over there to see Origami tearing a piece
of paper from the edge of her note and writing something on it.
She then folded it into half and placed it at the edge of Shidoufs table while avoiding
the teacher fs eyes. Itfs like what Shidou did during class at 1st period.
gThis iscccc.h
gccccccc.!h
After Shidou received it, Origamifs cheeks blushed and after a moment of looking
around in a chaotic manner, she made her textbook stand and hid her face inside.
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
148 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
149 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 2
gcccccccc.h
After school on that day. Shidou went up the school roof alone and while he was
leaning on the floor, he was staring at the clouds drifting in the sky.
He took out the folded piece of paper from his pocket and held it up to the sky.
---gI am free this Saturdayh
That paper was given by Origami just now. It looks like the reply to Shidoufs
invitation. There was a small mail address written under it.
gSaturdaycc..huhh
After saying that, he put the paper back into his pocket and took a light stretch.
He managed to make a promise. Without <Ratatoskr>fs help, and judging by the fact
that itfs a girl he first met tentatively; it wouldnft be exaggerated to say that he
gained a big gold star of excellence.
Nonetheless, there was still a mountain worth of problems.
In the first place, was it really possible for Origami, who turned into a Spirit and
inversed to not know what happened to herself.
Several thinkable possible conclusions popped up in Shidoufs mind.
The dumbest and yet the most possible one, was that it was all Shidoufs
misunderstanding.
Itfs true that he saw Origami in the video Kotori showed him. But, he canft deny the
fact that another Spirit might have an Astral Dress that look exactly like Origamifs.
Whatfs next was simply the possibility that Origami was lying. It didnft look like it
to Shidou but, itfs not like Shidou studied criminal psychology nor was he a famous
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
150 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gambler. Itfs more than enough to think that he was tricked by Origamifs acting.
Or maybe------
gDonft tell me, that there are 2 Origamiscccccthere is no way rightcc?h
Shidou mumbled that and laughed tiredly.
Anyway, he has to consult <Ratatoskr> including with that matter.
Butcccc.Shidou *Fuaaaa* leaked a big yawn when he was about to raise his
body. At the same time, he felt his body gradually relaxing.
It was only normal for that to happen to him. He has been searching through the
database the whole night yesterday so; he didnft had a good sleep.
gOricc.gamicccch
Shidou mumbled that name before closing his eyes.
After who knows how long passed.
gHncc.h
Shidou opened his eyes after leaking a soft moan.
After a few seconds, his mind awakened and he noticed that he fell asleep. It seems
he was tired beyond his expectations.
gAhcccthis is bad. What time is it?h
Shidou frowned his eyebrows from the odd feeling when he took his phone out
from his pocket to check the time.
gHnccc..?h
Something feels different from before he fell asleep.
After a few moments of thinking, Shidou realized the identity of the problem.----it
was a pillow. Even though Shidou did not place anything under his head, he could
feel something oddly soft under there right now.
When Shidou was about to extend his hand to under his head to confirm the identity
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
151 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
of that feeling, a girl immediately fell into Shidoufs view.
g--------Oh my, pranks are a no noh
gUwah!?h
He suddenly widens his eyes from the surprise.
Late after a beat, he realized the identity of the feeling under his head----and also the
girl.
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
152 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
153 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gKucKurumi!?h
He called the girls name with a screechy voice.
Yes. The girl that entered Shidoufs view was the Spirit-Tokisaki Kurumi, who sent
Shidou back 5 years ago.
It seems that Kurumi was giving a lap pillow before Shidou noticed.
gUfufu, nice to meet you, Shidou-san. Your sleeping face was cuteh
gcccc!h
It was really embarrassing so, Shidou jumped off Kurumifs lap.
gOh my, oh myh
Kurumi giggled because Shidoufs reaction was funny to her, before standing up
with elegant movements.
Kurumifs outfit was not the usual red-black Astral Dress that he was used to seeing.
It was the Raizen high school uniform that Shidou saw when he first met Kurumi.
Her long bangs were covering her left eye which was carved with the number of the
clock.
gKurumi, youcccch
Shidoufs body got nervous at that moment.
Now that Shidou thinks about, there might be a chance that the Kurumi existing in
this world might not have the same memories as the Kurumi Shidou knew. Shidou
was forced to know that today. It was a normal procedure to be cautious around the
worst Spirit-Kurumi.
But, after Kurumi widen her eyes, she placed her hand on her mouth and laughed.
gItfs okay, you donft have to be that cautious, Shido-san. If I wanted to [Eat] Shidousan
then, I would have done so when you were sleeping defenselesslyh
gUucccc.h
Itfs just as Kurumi says. Sweat flow down Shidoufs cheeks.
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
154 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
But, shefs not someone to be relaxed around with. Even though Shidou agreed with
Kurumifs words, he kept a watchful eye at her behavior without lowering his guard.
gOh my. How distrustful.-------we are comrades that changed the world after allh
After saying that, Kurumi shrug her shoulders jokingly.
Shidou widen his eyes when he heard those words.
gcccc.! Kurumi, you-----g
gYes, I remember. I know of the previous world.----and Origami-san tooh
gcccc..!h
Shidou felt goosebumps when Kurumi said that name.
Thatfs obvious. Other than himself, she was the first person in this world he met that
knows of Origami. Itfs like a traveler who was thrown in the desert finding a guide.
Shidou halted his clingy emotions to Kurumi and opened his mouth.
gKurumi, listen to this. There is something wrong with this world. Origami-----g
g-----She became a Spirit, righth
Kurumi said it as if to cover Shidoufs words. Shidou widen his eyes in shock.
gcccc, You knew?h
gYes. I found out just now thoughh
gI seecccch
Shidou slightly looked downwards before he continued.
gJustccc.what is going on? Did something happen to Origami?h
gEven I am not sure what it is. Hooweveeer-----g
After saying that, Kurumi made a spin.
gIf itfs the Origami-san now thenccitfs not like there is no way to find outh
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
155 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gRe-really?h
gYesh
After Kurumi smiled, she used her heel and stepped onto the roof. When she did
that; the shadow lurking under Kurumifs foot covered her body and formed the redblack
dress.
Astral Dress. The castle and armor protecting the Spirits. Shidou glared at her
cautiously when Kurumi suddenly manifested that.
gUfufu, please donft look so scaryh
Kurumi said that while holding up her right hand. A long pistol jumped out from the
shadow when she did that before settling down in her hands.
Kurumi licked her lips and continued.
gIf I use this [Yud] and shoot Origami-san then I can find out just what life she has
been going through in this world. Well of course, I canft take everything in but, if I
focus on the point on how she become a Spirit then, I think I can gain the
information you wish forh
g[Yud]ccc..i get it!h
Shidou widen his eyes. [Yud]. If he was correct, that bullet will give Kurumi the
targetfs past memories. If she uses that, she will probably be able to gain the
knowledge on what happened to Origami.
gButcccif thatfs the case then, you could have just used [Yud] on the Inverse
Origami of the previous world to find the cause right?h
When Shidou asked her without any particular reason, Kurumi shrugged her
shoulders exaggeratedly.
gWell-----That will happen according to theory. This only happens if I managed to
get close to that Origami-san and shoot her with [Yud]h
gUuccccc.h
Shidoufs cheeks twitched. Itfs true that, she donft have such a time for such a leisure
activity, if she was dealing with the Inversed Origami.
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
156 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gA-anyway, we will be able to find the cause for Origami inversing in this world if
we have that right? I am counting on you, Kurumi. Lend me your powerh
gUfufu, what should I doh
Kurumi placed her gun mouth at her lips as if she was enjoying this.
After school. Origami, who was on her way back alone, came back to Raizen high
school.
There was one reason. When she was going back home, she noticed the hair
ornament she usually wear, was missing.
Itfs didnft really hurt for losing one small pin but-----itfs a different story if itfs the
one bought by her late mother.
Nonetheless, itfs not like she knew clearly where she dropped it. In the end, Origami
followed back the path she walked and after looking through the, entrance, corridor
and classroom, she reached the stairs leading to the roof where she spoke with
Itsuka Shidou during the afternoon.
gAh----found ith
After Origami lean down, she then picked up the pin dropped on the floor.
It looks like she dropped it when she was talking to Shidou. It probably happened
when she grabbed his hands excitedly when she found out that he was brothers with
the boy of that time.
gI have to be carefulccc..h
While mumbling that, Origami simply cleaned the pin with her fingers before
wearing it on her hair.
And at that moment.
gEhccc..?h
Origami saw 2 people on the roof through the glass.
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
157 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
One was her classmate, Itsuka Shidou.
And the other person------was the Spirit-<Nightmare> wearing her red-black Astral
Dress.
gAh-------g
The moment she recognized that,
Origamifs consciousness got shut down as if there was a power outage.
gHncc.?h
Shidou felt that he heard a creaking door opened at the direction of the roof
entrance.
When he looked over there, he saw a girl standing there looking downwards.
gAh-recc.Origami?h
Yes. He couldnft see who it was for a moment there since she was looking
downwards but------it was definitely Tobiichi Origami. Even though class was over
just what business does she have here?
When Shidou was questioning that, he quickly stopped his words.
The reason was simple. Shidou recalled back the Spirit- Kurumi standing beside
him right now.
In this world, Origami was also affiliated with the AST until a while back. Which
means, the possibility that she saw Kurumi was not zero. At the very least, she
probably saw her in documented videos.
gO-origami, this is errh
Even though he managed to make a promise with her, it wonft be good if she make a
weird misunderstanding. Shidou raised his voice to somehow fool her.
However, Origami continued looking down as if she could not hear Shidoufs voice
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
158 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
and while both her hands were limp, she slowly walked forward.
gOrigamiccc?h
gOh my oh my?h
When Shidou called her name suspiciously, Kurumi distorted her eyebrows to
match with him. Afterwards, after the shadow wrapped Kurumi and covered her in
black, she immediately returned to original appearance.
gThis is the first time meeting you in this worldccc.i think right, Origami-san?
Well, there might be a chance that you met me before but-----g
gSpi-ritccch
---and.
Half-way through Kurumifs words, Origami mumbled that before jet black darkness
spread out from her body like a spider fs web.
The scene was like, only the surroundings around Origami turned into night time.
Shidou widen his eyes in reflex when he saw that weird scene.
gWha-----g
Next, the darkness swirling around Origami entangled to her body and formed into
a mourning dress.
That was definitely----
gAstral Dresscc.!?h
Shidou let out a voice filled with surprise.
Yes. It was the Spiritfs armor- the Astral Dress that Origami, who appeared on the
roof, was wearing.
Whatfs more, it wasnft the pure wedding dress like the one Shidou saw but instead it
was the black dress after she inversed.
Suddenly, the area was filled with strong gravity and a nervousness which was
strong to make breathing hard. His legs were slightly trembling, and he was close to
collapsing if he ever relaxed.
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
159 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
However, it was the most natural thing ever. The [Demon King] that is the avatar of
destruction and holds tremendous power. That was what manifested in front of his
eyes right now.
gLike I thought------Youfre <Devil>ccc.!?h
Origami did not answer even when Shidou asked.
However, that was the only thinkable answer now that he saw her like this. At the
very least, it wasnft Shidoufs misunderstanding. If that is the case then, it would
mean that Origami was lying as expected. It didnft felt like it at that time but-----
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
160 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
161 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gShidou-san, standing there might be dangerous you knowh
Kurumi suddenly said that to him when he was thinking in shock.
Next, several clusters of darkness popped out around the silent Origami; it then
expanded and formed a giant [Wing].
He saw that before. It was the appearance of the angel that destroyed the city of the
previous world with raining beams-----her inversed form.
gccc<Demon king of Salvation(Satan)>ccc.h
After Origami mumbled that, the countless [Wing] pointed its tip towards their
direction.
gcccc.!h
His body froze from the sudden event. In the next moment, Shidou *Don* was
pushed aside.
One beat later, he noticed that it was Kurumi that pushed Shidou aside.
gGuhccccc..!h
It was already too late when he noticed that; Kurumi already jumped up to the sky.
The beams shot by the [Wing] shot towards the spot where Kurumi used to be at just
now, pierced through the school fence and flew into the sky.
gThat was----quite a violent greeting!h
After Kurumi shouted, she then pulled the trigger of her pistol. When she did that,
harden shadow bullets were shot towards Origami.
But, the [Wing] floating around Origami extended out into a shield and easily
blocked the attack.
The remaining [Wing] pointed its tip towards Kurumi up at the sky and-----
gKuh-----g
The black beam was shot towards the defenseless Kurumi.
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
162 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
The beam pierced through Kurumifs chest and stomach; her head and limbs were
also severed. The silhouette of a delicate girl was reduced to a pitiful corpse within
an instant.
gKurumiccc.!?h
As if to match with Shidoufs shout, the parts which used to be Kurumi fell down
from the sky. The same time they touched the ground, they started disintegrating like
ash.
gO-Origami, you-----g
Shidou lifted his face and stopped his words.
gEh----?h
He then let out a dumbfounded voice.
Itfs obvious on why he did so. Origami, who killed Kurumi, fell to her knees
powerlessly and the countless [Wing] floating around her turned into light particles
before disappearing into the atmosphere.
And right after that, the black Astral Dress decorating Origamifs body opened and
she returned back to the uniform appearance, similar to what she was in just now.
Itfs as if------she achieved her goal by killing Kurumi.
gWhatccis thisccc.h
Shidou was unable to understand the event happening in front of him and after a
while later, Origami slowly lifted her face.
And.
gcc.Ah-re, Itsuka-kun? What are you doing in a place like thish
After she recognized Shidou, she said that in a surprised manner.
gHuhccc..?h
Shidoufs eyes turned black and white at that unexpected response.
That un-malicious expression and tone doesnft make him feel that she shot Kurumi
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
163 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
just now. If that was acting then, she would be a famous actress that will leave her
name in history, or a genius criminal.
gWhat the heckc..is thisccc..h
When Shidou mumbled in a dumbfounded manner, Origami tilted her head in
wonder. However, rather than directing that response to Shidou, it looks like she
was trying to recall back why she was on the roof.
gPerhaps, it happened againcc.h
After Origami said that softly, *Pan**pan* she dust her lap while standing up on the
spot.
gAgain? Wha-what againcc.?h
gEh? Ahcc..you heard me?h
Origami awkwardly scratched her head when she heard Shidofs words.
gActually, my consciousness has been shutting down recently. I think its anemia or
something thoughcc..h
gYour consciousnessccc?h
Shidou brought his eyebrows closer while he gulped.
Origami looked at Shidou oddly before [Ah] she raised a voice as if she recalled
something.
gErr, now that I think about it; did you read the paper I gave you in class?h
gHehcc..?Y-yeahcc..i read ith
After Shidou answered, Origami turned around and faced her back at him.
gErr, so thatfs itccyou seeh
After saying that, she ran away from the roof.
gAh------g
It was too late even though he tried to stop her. Origami entered the school and
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
164 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
*Ton**ton* went down the stairs.
Having left alone on the roof, Shidou stood still blankly for a while.
Origami appeared, turn into her Inverse spirit form, killed Kurumi and left without
knowing anything. The whole event probably only took 5 minutes. However,
Shidoufs surrounding made a weird turn in that small time.
gKurumiccc.h
Shidou called her name and,
g-----Yes yes, did you call?h
When Shidou felt a shadow appearing beside him, Kurumi, who was killed by
Origami just now, popped her head out from it.
gccc..h
gOh my, you donft look that shocked?h
gccccSomething similar happened once beforeh
Shidou scratched his head while answering her. Most likely, she probably switched
with her clone at the point when Origami appeared.
gcccc.I donft like the way you use and throw away your clones. Even though
they might be clones, they are still alive right?h
gUfufu, Shidou-san you are so kind. But you need not worry. It is possible to
recreate the [Me] that got killed just now with the [8th bullet(Het)]h
gcccc..h
He silently exhaled. His and Kurumifs value to life is too far apart.
It seems that Kurumi will not talk about that matter anymore. She looked towards the
direction where Origami disappeared to, to change the topic.
gWhat do you think about that Origami-san?h
gWhatcceven if you ask me thath
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
165 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Honestly, he doesnft know. He made a troubled expression and placed his hand on
his chin.
gWell, one thing is for certain; Using [10th bullet (Yud)] to gain information looks
toughcc..and thatfs facth
gThatfscctrueh
He had no clue on what kind of situation Origami was in right now but, there was no
mistake that she turned into her Spirit form when saw Kurumi. It will be tough
getting close to her like that.
gWhyccc..did this happen. I-----is what I did, a mistakecc.?h
After Shidou said that painfully, Kurumi *Fuu* sighed.
gI donft think so. If you didnft save Origami-sanfs parents at that time then, the
Tenguu city of this world should be trampled mercilessly by the inversed Origami.
This situation is not the [Worst]cdonft you think so?h
gTh-that might be true butcc..h
Shidou hesitated when he was told that.
Itfs not like he didnft understand what Kurumi meant. Thinking of what happened in
the previous world; this world right now could be called peaceful.
ButccccShidou couldnft agree with this. Just what happened to Origami after
that? He got curious about that.
Kurumi *Giggled* maybe she saw Shidoufs expression.
gWell, I know Shidou-san would feel that way.------itfs true that even I am interested
on how the world was rewritten by just changing one eventh
g! Then-----g
Shidou stopped his words when he reached that point. Kurumi erected one finger
and blocked Shidoufs lips.
gHowww everrrccc.i am not that kind you know. Anything further up here, will
require another fee okay?h
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
166 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
After saying that, *Nii* she distorted her lips. Shidou gulped when he saw that
gruesome smile.
gFufu-----g
Kurumi shrugged her shoulders when she saw Shidoufs appearance and spin around
one more time.
gOkay then, I will be leaving now.----letfs meet again, Shidou-sanh
After leaving only that, Kurumi disappeared into the shadows.
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
167 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
168 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 3
g-----Soh
After Shidou got back home, Kotori, who was waiting for him with her blackribbon
commander mode, said that while making the rod of the chupa chups in her
mouth stand.
gCan you explain what is going on, Shidouh
After she said that, she glared at Shidou.
Shidou clearly knows the reason for this.------it was about Origami.
There were 3 people right now in the Itsuka family living room. One was Shidou,
the other was Kotori and the last one was a sleepy woman, who has prepared a small
tab with her already. Itfs <Ratatoskr>fs analyst officer-Murasame Reine.
gE-even Reine-sanh
gccc.Hnn, well, think of me as a secretary substitute. I will leave if itfs
inconvenient for youh
gN-no that isnft truecc.h
Shidou scratched his cheeks while saying that.
There wasnft a single Spirit around and they were probably told to stay in the
mansion. Looks like they really want to hear Shidoufs circumstances.
gOkay, go on Shidouh
Kotori jerk her chin to urge him.
gY-yeahccc.h
However. Even though he was overpowered by the atmosphere, Shidou stilled
hesitated.
Itfs true that, he would tell them his situation when he gets back home, in order to
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
169 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gain help from <Ratatoskr>. But, the moment when the time comes, he felt lost on
how to explain the event that happened to him.
Kotori snorted unhappily maybe because she guessed Shidoufs thoughts.
gcccc..Fuun. What, canft talk after reaching to this point? Or maybe, are you
feeling uneasy that I canft understand Shidoufs talk? Donft look down on me. I
wonder if Shidou looks at me as a unreliable commander?h
gNo, I didnft plan to do thath
After Shidou swung his head, Kotori pouted her lips as if she was sulking and
leaked out a soft voice.
gcccccWhy canft you count on me a little moreccOnii-chanh
gccccc.!h
Shidou widen his eyes after Kotori told him that.
He then scratched his head before making a sigh.
gcccc.thatfs right. Sorry about that, Kotorih
After a self-admonition, Shidou slightly lowered his head.
---Just, why must he be that scared? Kotori, the girl in front of Shidou is much
smarter than him and is a very strong girl.
gThis might sound weird but, what I am going to tell you is undeniable truth.------
Will you listen?h
After Shidou said that, Kotorifs expression brightens up in an instant. But, she
quickly twitched her eyebrows and returned to her commander mode face before
nodding.
gYes, of courseh
After Shidou made a wry smile at Kotori, he started talking.
About, the fact that he was acquainted with the girl called Origami.
About, the fact Origami turned into a Spirit, inversed and destroyed the city.
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
170 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
About, the fact Shidou traveled back in time 5 years using Kurumifs power to
prevent that; and by saving Origamifs parents, he managed to change the route for
the world to move to.
About, the fact that Origami exists in this world as the Spirit called <Devil>.
---It took around 5 minutes.
Shidou calmly revealed his experience to Kotori and Reine.
gc..and, thatfs about ith
gccccch
After he finished his story, Kotor *Guuu* groaned before making a small nod.
g-----Rewriting the worldcc..i see. I finally understand why Shidou acted weird
yesterdayh
She said that and placed her hands on her chin.
gWell, I will believe you for now. There is nothing that comes to mind for Shidou to
lie to me. Also----g
Kotori signaled to Reine. Reine [ccc.hn] made a short reply and after she
manipulated the tab in her hand, she faced the screen towards their direction.
gHnncc..?h
Shidou peeked into the screen before gasping.
The image shown was the appearance of Inversed Origami standing on the high
school roof. At the edge of the picture, Shidou and Kurumi were there. It was
exactly the scene Shidou just experienced.
gThis is-------g
gYes. This is the image taken by the automated camera on todayfs eveningcccwe
sent several camera to look for information regarding Tobiichi Origami but, I
never would have thought to see this decisive momenth
Kotori made a painful face while *Fuumu* groaning.
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
171 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gTobiichi Origami is definitely <Devil>. But, she does not know about itccc
actually, I had Reine analyze her parameters but, she wasnft lying at allh
gThen, as expectedccch
gYes. There is a possibility that Tobiichi Origami has not realized that she turned
into a Spirith
Shidou gulped when he heard Kotorifs words.
gIs thatc.even possible?h
gThis is a pattern we never seen before butccas long as there is a real example
here, we canft deny that fact. I have no clue on why this happened thoughh
When Kotori said that, Reine, who was manipulating the tab made a small sigh while
stroking her chin.
gccc.can I say something?h
gHn, whatfs wrong Reineh
gccc.Hn. This is just my speculations or just my reasoning but, there is a point I
question in Shinfs storyh
gQuestionc..? What is it?h
Reine nodded before continuing after hearing Shidoufs words.
gccccaah, Shidou succeeded in changing the world. And, everyone does not
remember the previous worldccc..you said that right?h
gYes. The only ones that know about the previous world is me and Kurumih
gcccThatfs ith
gEh?h
After Shidou tilted his head, Reine erected one finger.
gccc..I just wondered why you and Kurumi are the only ones that have the
memories of the previous world. Kurumi might be okay because of her ability but, I
donft get the reason regarding Shinfs caseh
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
172 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gUuuuunccch
Now that he was told that; shefs right. Shidou was the one that changed the world
soccc..he was satisfied with that thought but, itfs true that his current self is the
Shidou, who has lived in the new world he created. He doesnft know of the clear
answer on why he has memories of the previous world when instead, he shouldnft
be having any of those memories.
gcccc.most likely, there must be some kind of condition to save your
memories of the previous worldh
gConditionccwhat kind?h
gcccc.i donft know the details. If we leave Kurumi out as an exception then the
sample cases we have is too little. But for example, letfs say that the condition is
[Getting shot by Kurumifs [Yud Bet] and [Have Reiryoku]ccc.how about that?h
g? And thatfscc..h
When Shidou made a troubled face, Kotori sitting opposite him [Ahh] widen her
eyes.
gI see, if several conditions are needed thenccc..the moment Tobiichi Origami
received Reiryoku by <Phantom>, there is a possibility that she will recall back the
memories of the previous world. Regardless the fact that she has memories of this
worldccccc!h
gAhcc!h
Shidou finally understood after he heard Kotorifs explanation.
gWai-wait just a second there Reine-san. Which meanscc..are you saying that the
Inversed Origami [Is the Origami that regained back the memories of the previous
world]cc..?
Reine quietly closed her eyes at Shidoufs words.
gcc.I said this already. This is just my speculations. Itfs just a possibility.
Butccccits fact that thing makes sense if it is thought that wayh
gB-butccc..Origami was normal when she came to school------forget that, she
should be the Origami that has memories of the previous world right?h
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
173 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gcccccI wonft know the details unless we ask Kurumi but, unlike Shin, who
has his memories of the previous world in the first place; Origami has memories of
this world. Just what would happen if memories regarding the previous world were
forcefully poured into her mindcccc. I donft think it would give a good effect
to the owner of those memories, at the very least. In order to protect herself, it is
possible to think that the Origami who has memories of this world and the Origami
who has the memories of the previous world, is separatedh
Reine continued on.
gcccc..the thinkable switch that will call out the Origami who has memories of
the previous world would be-----g
g-----The existence of Spiritfscc..so to speakh
Kotori made the rod of the Chupa Chups stand and said that. Reine [cc.Most
likely] agreed with her.
gccccjudging by her reaction when Tohka was in class, she might only react to
Reiryoku. If that is the case thenccc..it is extremely dangerous to manifest the
limit Astral Dress in front of herh
Itfs true that Origami turned into a Spirit when she saw Kurumi. And, she returned
back to the normal Origami after she killed Kurumi.
gB-butccc.if that really is true then, what should we-----g
gWhat are you sayingh
After Shidou said that with a trembling voice, Kotori quickly interrupted him.
gIt might be true that our opponent is the deadliest and worst inverse Spirit <Devil>.
But, turning it to the other side, she will only turn into a Spirit in special conditions
even though she has tremendous Reiryokuh
gThatfsccc.h
Shidou said that much before clenching his fist.-----it was just as Kotori says.
Nothing will start if he keeps running.
g-----This might be an irregular case but, as long as we know that Tobiichi Origami
is <Devil>; there is only one thing <Ratatoskr> will doh
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
174 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Kotori looked towards Shidou.
It needs not to be said. Shidou pulled his lips and nodded.
<Ratatoskr>fs philosophy; to pacify the Spirits which is the cause of the Space
Quake with peaceful means.
And in order to achieve that, one method is needed.
And thatfs-----to [Date them and make them fall for him].
Kotori made a satisfied nod when she saw Shidoufs response before putting the rod
of the Chupa chups between her fingers and pointing it at Shidou.
gcc.so with that decided, letfs start moving immediately tomorrow. Shidou,
somehow take contact with Origami and invite her to a date. The latest is within this
weekh
gAahccthatfs righth
At that moment, Shidou recalled something and [Ah] let out his voice.
g? Whatfs wrong?h
gI already did thatcc.a date promise. She told me that her Saturday was
emptycc..h
gHaaa!?h
Kotori shouted loudly maybe because Shidoufs answer was very unexpected.
gW-whatfs with that? Did you have a love chat before our observation results?
Shidou you did that?h
gN-nocc.i didnft really love chat with hercc..h
gcccc...then why did the topic change to datingh
gWell thatfs becausecccc.h
When Shidou was having problems answering, Kotori *Jiii* stared at him.
gFuuuncccccc.looks like I need to hear what kind of relationship you had
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
175 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
with Tobiichi Origami in the previous worldh
gWh-what are youccccch
With hand movements like a cat cornering a mouse, Kotori patted Shidoufs chin.
Shidoufs face turned pale at that weird sensation.
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
176 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
177 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 4
gcccc.aaaaahhhhhhh
Night time. While lying down on her bed, Origami hugged her long pillow and was
rolling around.
The reason was simple. She was currently embarrassed at her own actions she took
today.
Even though it was him that invited her, that reply was just too maiden-like. Not only
that, she even met up with him again on the roof. What kind of female manga main
character are you!? It was a situation where she wanted to retort that to herself.
---but. After Origami exhaled, she faced upwards from the bed and gazed up at the
ceiling.
That young manccccc.the moment she saw Itsuka Shidoufs face, she was
really surprised.
The young man carved deep inside Origamifs memories. Shidou really looks
identical to the young man that sacrificed himself to save Origamifs parents 5 years
ago.
Maybe thatfs the reason; an odd emotion attacked Origami the moment she saw
Shidoufs face.
No---that wasnft all.
The moment she heard his voice.
The moment she smelled him.
The moment she touched his hands.
---Origami felt an indescribable emotion in her heart.
Just what was that? It was not disgusting. However, the weird feeling felt like she
was tickled from inside her heart.
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
178 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gccc.donft tell me this ish
Origami let out a soft voice. An unidentified emotion. A feeling she has never felt
before. This might possibly be-----
At that moment, her cell phone left beside her pillow received a message.
gcccc!h
The sudden ringtone caused her to bounce up.
She then calmed down by taking a breath and after extending her hands to the cell
phone beside the pillow, she found that the sender of the mail was Shidou when she
looked at the screen.
g-----!h
The instant she recognized that, her heart started pounded so hard that she does not
even know why.
But, she canft stay frozen like this forever. She took a deep breath before fiddling
with the screen and read through the text.
What was written there was an apology for suddenly inviting her today, a text that he
will be honored to see her again and also, the time and meeting place for Saturday.
gWa-wawahh
After Origami dropped the cell phone into her hands as if she held onto a heated
rock, she started rolling on the bed in panic.
She canft calm down for some reason. Her head was in chaos even though she only
received one mail from a boy she just met today.
gccc.! O-oh yeah, a reply----g
After 10 seconds of chaos, Origami finally recalled back what she should be doing
and poured in strength on the cell phonefs keypad.
gcc..meeting spot and time understood. Okaycch
But, her hands stopped right before sending the mail.
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
179 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
---Is this reply really okay? Is this just too simple for all that matters?
gcccccc..h
After Origami silently erased her text, she fixed her posture and retyped the mail
again.
She replied back to Shidoufs mail with each words typed in carefully; she expressed
poetically that she was happy to talk to him, she canft wait for next Saturday and she
would get a strange feeling every time she thinks about Shidou. But.
gccam I a maiden, seriously!h
Feeling embarrassed half-way through, Origamifs cheeks blushed before erasing
the text again.
In the end, Origami only managed to send a mail reply to Shidou on the next day.
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
180 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
181 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 5
11th of November, Saturday.
Shidou walked to the Tenguu station alone.
The sky was clear blue. Although the air was a little chilly, the sun was warm and it
doesnft feel like the temperature of a day closing to winter. It was the best weather
for a date.
g-------even so, arenft you a little too early? The promised time is at 11 right?h
Kotorifs voice could be heard from the small Incam equipped in his right ear.
This Incam was connected to the airship <Fraxinus> floating about Shidoufs spot
approximately by 15000 meters and the whole crew in that bridge will be providing
support to Shidoufs date.
gNocccch
Shidou replied back softly while taking a glance at his cell phonefs screen. 10:12
am. There was still 48 minutes until the meeting time.
gIt wonft be weird if Origami is already here. Of course, I canft say that this
Origami is slightly different from the one I know butccccitfs better than
making her wait long right?h
After Shidou said that, Kotori [Fuuunccc..] talked with a meaning behind her
voice, through the Incam.
gYou are quite informed huh-----for just a mere classmate.h
Kotori said it with thorns in her tone. Shidou made a dry smile while sweat was
flowing down his forehead.
When she asked his relationship with the Origami in the previous world, he replied
that as his answer butccc..it looks like, Kotori didnft believe him.
gcccit was because of you all that I became acquainted with Origami in the first
place, know this.h
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
182 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Shidou twitched his cheeks while complaining to the Incam. Actually, even though it
started because of the event in 5 years ago, the reason why Shidou started talking to
Origami frequently was because of the [Training] Kotori proposed and the love chat
with Origami. He told that to Kotori too just in case butcc..
gWho knows~~I donft know what you are talking about.h
gGuhcc..h
In reality; the Kotori of this world probably has no memories of saying that. Shidou
clenched his teeth, wondering how to reply back.
He reached the station hall right when they were talking about that.
The meeting place with Origami was in front of the fountain in the station hall. It
was the same meeting spot when he had to go through a triple booking date with
Tohka and Kurumi too.
gAh-----g
Having stepped into the hall, Shidou let out a short word and stopped on the spot.
The reason was simple. Origami was already in front of the fountain.
Nonetheless, itfs not like he was shocked to see Origami there. The reason why
Shidou stopped there for a moment was because of her clothes.
She was in a blouse with a cute design, and a cardigan. A skirt with autumn colors.
Shidoufs eyes were stolen away unintentionally when he saw that girly style that
doesnft fit with the Origami in his memories.
gShidou?h
gccc.! Y-yeah.h
He twitched his body when Kotori called him.
gHaacccthe future looks bleakh
gSo-sorryccch
gPlease focus. I donft know what happened in the previous world but, at the very
least, the girl in front of you right now is the Spirit hunter <Devil>. We donft know
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
183 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
what she would do if you lower your guard. Please go in with the preparations of
handling Tokisaki Kurumih
Kotori warned him. Shidou took a deep breath to arrange his heart beat before
tilting his head forward.
gYeah I understandh
gGoodh
Kotori *suuu* exhaled before,
"Okay-----letfs begin our h
Saying that, and announced the start of the plan.
At the same time, Shidou started moving his legs, which he stopped, towards the
fountain.
She probably noticed him when he did that. Origami, who was standing in front of
the fountain, lifted her face and looked surprised.
gItsuka-kun? You are so earlyh
gHahaccc.that goes for us too right?h
After Shidou said that, Origami looked at the clock standing in the hall, and shrunk
her shoulders in embarrassment.
gErr, I didnft want to make you waith
gAah, I thought that tooh
Origami widen her eyes after said that. After a while, she leaked a carefree smile.
gThank you for inviting me for today, Itsuka-kunccc..but err, this may sound
embarrassing but, I have no experience going out alone with a guy so, there might
be unforeseen problemsh
gN-no no, even I donft have that experienceh
Shidou swung his head at Origamifs words. When he did that, Kotorifs voice echoed
in his right ears to retort him.
War
date
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
184 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gIfm amazed that you can say that after dating that many Spiritsh
gShu-shut uph
g? What are you saying, Itsuka-kunh
Origami tilted her head in wonder. Shidou quickly [No, nothing] played it off.
gRathercccc.we are classmates so, can you stop the honorifics?h
gButh
gHere, it will make me feel awkward. So please?h
Shidou said that before clapping his hands together; Origami made her eyebrows
look like a ”ª shape for a while but, she nodded in understanding soon later.
gI understandcc..errccc.I get ith
Origami said it with an unfamiliar manner. Shidou relaxed his cheeks in nostalgia.
gHahaccc..Origami has to be like that, as expectedh
gHeh?h
Origami let out a dumb-witted voice at Shidoufs words. He realized that he called
her [Origami] unconsciously again like what he did few days ago.
gAhcc.Sorry, I called you in reflex. Errcc.itfs because itfs a beautiful nameh
Shidou tried to play it off. He wasnft lying but, in reality, the reason was leaning
more towards the fact he called her that in the previous world. He used to call her
Tobiichi at first but, he gotten used to calling her name before he noticed.
Origami looked restless but, she doesnft look bad. Her mouth made a broad smile.
gThank you. -------Itfs the name my father and mother gave meh
gI seecccc.h
Father and mother. Those worlds made Shidou feel something complex spreading
out in him.
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
185 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
But, Origami slightly looked away while moving her lips, maybe because she
noticed what Shidou was thinking.
gThatfs why, I donft mind-----if Itsuka-kun calls me that wayh
gEh?h
gErr, I mean Origamih
Origami said that with slightly blushing cheeks. Shidoufs heart pounded
unexpectedly when he saw that.
gShidou, why are you keeping quiet! Your partner finally got closer you know?h
gAh-----g
Shidou quickly continued his words when Kotorifs words came into his ears.
gTh-thankscc.Origamih
Even though it was a name he said out naturally just now, it turned out embarrassing
now that he officially gain permission for do so. Just like him, Origami slightly
looked away from his eyes and replied.
gUnh
gAh---then, about that. You can call me Shidou if you want. It will be unfair if you
donfth
gEh?h
Origami widen her eyes in reflex when Shidou said that. And after mumbling
something softly, she let out her voice.
gShid-----, ccc..h
But, after he stopped his words half-way, he scratched his cheeks in a restless
manner.
gcccc.I donft mind until you get used to ith
gEh? Aah, o-of course!h
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
186 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
After Shidou agreed, a few seconds of silence flowed by.
gShidou I donft recommend staying quiet for too long. Anything is okay, just
connect the linesh
Kotorifs command flew to him. It was just as she says. He looked for a topic in his
head before moving his mouth.
gHey errh
gErrh
But, his voice covered Origami voice too. A strange embarrassing feeling attacked
them.
Origami was the one that broke that situation first. She looked back at Shidou and
asked him.
gNow that I think about it, Itsuka-kun, what are we doing today?h
gEh?h
gSorry. But, I only heard about the time and meeting placeh
gY-yeah, I forgotten about that. Today------g
After Shidou said that, he heard a certain sound which he has not heard for a long
time in his right ear.
Right now in the bridge of the airship- <Fraxinus> floating 15000 meters up the
Tenguu city, <Ratatoskr>fs elites were lined up inside.
Under Kotorifs orders, all of the elite love masters were to support Shidou.
Everyone was maintaining an ideal nervous situation while looking at the giant
main monitor installed in the bridge.
The image of the ground sent by the automate camera was shown in the main
monitor. As if to trace Shidoufs view point, the target for this time-Tobiichi
Origamifs picture was zoomed in, several different angles were taken from the
cameras nearby and all sorts of parameters were on it.
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
187 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
And---right now. The moment Origami asked a question, *Pikon!* such a sound
echoed in the bridge and a window was displayed on the screen.
gThe choices are outccc..!h
Kotori, whofs sitting on the commander seat located at the upper bridge, was
moving the rod of the Chupa chups up and down while hitting her lap.
The AI installed in the <Fraxinus>, will observe the targetfs the movements of her
emotions and will show 3 choices for Shidou to pick.
‡@ [Actually, there is a movie I want to watch with you] watch a romance movie in
the cinema.
‡A [I was thinking of shopping] enjoy shopping.
‡B [Letfs stop with the annoying parts] straight to an adult hotel.
gAll members, your choice!h
Obeying Kotorifs order, the crews clicked on the button at their hands reach at the
same time.
Immediately, the total votes were displayed on the main monitor.
The most was----‡A.
gFumuccc‡A huh. Itfs the safe road huhh
After Kotori stroke her chin, a crew member at the lower deck; <Bad Marriage>
Kawagoe raised his voice.
gItfs hard to throw ‡@ away but, going to a space with no conversation at the first go
will make things uneasyh
Afterwards, <Deprive> Minowa opened her lips to show her agreement.
gccRather, why did ‡B suddenly appear in the choicesccch
Everyone wasnft disagreeing and nodded. Within them, sweat was flowing down the
<Nail knocker> Shiizakifs cheeks.
gWe wonft know unless we ask <Fraxinus>fs AIh
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
188 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Kotori shrugs her shoulders while saying that. In reality, Kotori tried to lure Shidou
and Tohka to a hotel to rest during Tohkafs conquest but, that was because the Spirit
knows nothing about this world (This was a digression but, if Shidou was about to
do something above a kiss then, it was planned that an organization member
disguised as a garbage collector will step in).
But, the target this time was previously a human. Which means, the probability that
she knows about what [That] was built for, was high. If someone was brought to a
place like that on a first date then getting slapped canft be arguable.
After Kotori brought the mike closer, she threw an order to Shidou.
gShidou, I decided. ‡A-----g
g----wait for a sech
But, Shidou interrupted Kotorifs voice with a whisper soft enough to avoid Origami
from hearing.
gWhatfs wrongh
gccc..I have something I want to test out with those choicesh
gEh?h
She widens her eyes at Shidoufs unusual serious voice. This was the first time
Shidou said this.
However; she noticed something. The Spirit this time-----Tobiichi Origami was a
special girl.
If Shidoufs words were correct; this world was a world branched out from the
events from 5 years ago-----and Shidou might be intimate with Origami in another
parallel world.
If thatfs the case then, it wonft be weird for Shidou to already know about Origamifs
tastes that they have not yet grasped.
After a moment of thinking, Kotori flicked the rod of her Chupa chups.
g-----I get it. Itfs special this time. Please choose the choices you like, Shidouh
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
189 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gccccc.h
After Kotori said that, Shidou poked the Incam silently to show that he understood.
The main monitor then moved towards Origami.
gHey, Origami. Therefs somewhere I want to go so, can I?h
gUh, okayh
Origami nodded and followed after Shidou.
And, after a while of walking. Shidou suddenly stopped.
gEhh?h
Origami looked up at the building in front of her, and made a blank face.
However, it was only normal. Thatfs because, the place Shidou brought Origami
was a castle-like building with lodging fees and resting fees posted on the
signboard.
A very loud alarm echoed inside the bridge immediately. At the same time,
<President> Mikimoto and <Dimension Breaker> Nakatsugawa were shouting while
they were looking at their personal monitors.
gThe emotion values are not stabilizingh
gTobiichi Origami! Is feeling shaken!h
gObviously, just what are you thinking Shidouuuuuuu!!h
After Kotori shouted, she tugged the mike closer to her.
gShidou! Play it off before Origami gets angry!h
gEh? Buth
gHurry up before itfs too late!!h
After Kotori said that, Shidou faked looking lost for a moment before making a
smile to Origami.
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
190 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gOkay, over here, comeh
gAhcccthis isnft the placeh
Origami exhaled in relief.
gW-well of course. Come on, letfs goh
gU-unh
Shidou brought Origami pass the hotel. The alarm then finally stopped ringing.
gHaaccccwhat were you thinking Shidou. Itfs so obvious that she would pull
back if she was brought to a place like that in her first dateh
After Kotori wiped the sweat on her forehead, Shidou made a confused face while
letting out a soft voice.
gSorry. I thought this would definitely be the spot for Origamiccc.h
gNo, why is thath
She did not understand why Shidou fixed Origami and a hotel together. She replied
back with twitching cheeks.
gAnyway, pick ‡A. Go shoppingh
gcccc.I got ith
Shidou nodded and told Origami that they were going shopping.
While looking at the scene on the main monitor, Kotori talked to the crew at the
lower deck.
gSo, how is Origamifs affection level? It would be nice if it didnft drop much
thoughccc.h
gA-about thatcc.h
Nakatsugawa fixed his glasses position in a troubled manner.
gHer emotion values were shaken greatly butccc.her affection level has not
dropped at allcc..no, instead, it slightly got higherccc.?h
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
191 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gWhat did you say?h
Kotori raised a doubtful voice at Nakatsugawafs words.
While accompanying Origami, they passed the back alley and walked straight into
the main street.
Half-way through, Origami suddenly raised her voice.
gSo, where are we going?h
gYeah, I thought of going shoppingh
After Shidou asked, Origami tilted her head.
gWhat are you shopping for?h
gAhccErrrccc..h
Now that he thinks about it, they havenft decided on what to shop for. He scratched
his cheeks while immersed in thought.
gStop. The choices are outh
Kotorifs voice then appeared in the Incam in his right ear and the automated voice
message read out the choices.
3 choices were displayed on the bridgefs main monitor.
‡@ Coordinate her in a selection shop.
‡A Play with animals in a pet shop and shrink their distances.
‡B Go to a pharmacy located at the back alleyfs which sells strong vitality drinks
and aphrodisiacs.
gEveryone, your choice!h
The total votes were displayed on the monitor once Kotori shouted. The votes were
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
192 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
at ‡@ which was the most while ‡A was close by a slim margin.
g‡@ huh. Same with meh
The crew replied back to Kotorifs voice.
gWell, those are appropriateh
g‡A isnft bad but, we donft know if she likes animal or noth
gccccrather, what is with this ‡B? This feels kind of special butccc.h
Kawagoe raised his eyebrows and asked. Itfs true that only one choice was a
different kind. Whatfs the AI thinking?.............is a big scale maintenance needed?
gShidou, you hear me? Letfs be appropriate and go with ‡@-----g
gNo, it has to be ‡Bh
From the opposite side of the Incam, Shidou let out his voice naturally.
gHuh?h
She brought her eyebrows closer at Shidoufs words.
gWhat are you saying Shidou. Please calm down. Itfs obviously not a place for a
teenager to go!h
gNo, but its Origami we are talking about herecch
gWhat does that mean!?h
She does not understand. Kotori shouted.
gEven though you ask me whatccccc..speaking of Origami, itfs going to be
vitality drinks; speaking of vitality drinks, it will be Origami I guessh
Shidou said it as if it was common sense. Kotori placed her hands on her head at that
direct manner.
gNo seriously, I donft understand. Just what kind of girl is [Tobiichi Origami] that
you know?h
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
193 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gEhccc? Letfs see, shefs someone that would make me drink the combination
of boiled mixed vitality drinks, she would install traps to prevent me from running
away from her house, and she would lick my neck when I give her a piggyback
ridec..h
gHaaa!? Are you joking here? Therefs no way such a girl would exist!h
gE-even if you tell me thatccc..h
Shidou distorted his eyebrows in a troubled manner. It looks like he was not joking
and was serious about it.
At that moment, Kotori recalled back Tobiichi Origamifs affection level movements
from just now.
Although she was shaken from that overly unexpected choice, her affection did not
drop at all. Possibly this mightcccc
After Kotori settled her thoughts in 2 seconds, *Fuun* she sighed.
gccc.okay. Go try ith
gCommander!?h
A surprised voice came down from the lower deck. However, Kotori did not look
away from the main monitor and continued on.
gAs replacement, if her affection level drops even a bit or her emotion level turns
unstable then, quickly move to ‡@. Okay?h
gY-yeah, I get ith
After replying to her, Shidou brought Origami into the back alley.
g------okay, this is the place if I am correcth
gEh?h
Origami opened her eyes wide in shock when Shidou stopped his legs in front a
certain pharmacy in the back-alley.
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
194 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
But it was normal. It looks like a multi-tenant building at first glance. However, after
entering the building and heading up to the 2nd floor, a pharmacy with a ghost
house-like interior. Itfs a secretive spot that wonft be discovered if a person was
living a normal life. If Shidou wasnft told about the existence of this shop by
Origami in the previous world then, he probably wouldnft be able to reach here.
Packaged bottle not commonly seen in drug stores were overflowing the shop. The
words written on the label were clearly not Japanese giving this place a 100% for
strangeness.
gWhatcccis this shop?h
Origami asked dubiously. But, as expected he couldnft say [Origami is a regular
customer here right], and made something up.
gWell, letfs take a look. Letfs go somewhere else if you donft like ith
gU-unccc.h
Origami looked around the strange medicines lined up in the shop curiously.
However, some of it didnft make sense to her and would sometimes tilt her
headcccIs her taste different than the Origami Shidou knew?h
If that was the case then, it might be a good idea to quickly change his objectives
like what Kotori said. If he was correct, Kotorifs orders were to bring Origami to
see clothes, about that? Well, that choice was undeniable correct for a normal girl.
gItsuka-kunh
Origami talked to Shidou when he was thinking that.
gLike I thoughtcccI donft understand anything. Letfs go somewhere else?h
gY-yeah, I see. Sorry----g
But, Shidou stopped his words.
The reason was simple. Origami was making her eyebrows into a ”ª shape because
she was troubled when she was looking at the products lined up in the shop
butccccc.she was holding a shopping basket filled with the shopfs most
effective looking vitality drinks and aphrodisiacs in the shop.
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
195 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gOrigami, whatfs thatcc?h
gEhh?h
When Shidou pointed at it, Origami opened her eyes wide in surprise as if she just
realized that.
gTh-this isccc..when did Ic..?h
Origami pressed her forehead and was wobbling as if she was feeling lightheaded.
gAr-are you okay?h
The moment Shidou quickly supported her body, a loud alarm echoed inside the
Incam.
gShidou! Origamifs emotion values are making strong waves!h
gLe-letfs go out for now! Okay!?h
Shidou heard Kotorifs voice and quickly brought the groaning Origami out the
shop.
After a while passed, Origami finally calmed down.
gSorry, Itsuka-kuncccjust what happened to me I wonderh
gW-well donft worry too much about it. Itfs my fault for bringing you to such a
place. -----oh yeah, letfs go check out some clothesh
Origami nodded when Shidou said that.
They then once again walked side by side on the road.
But, Shidou scratched his cheeks at that moment. It was good to tell her to look for
clothes but, he did not know what kind of shop Origami uses. If he was correct he
heard that Origami in the previous world would almost always purchase her
personal clothes through airmail.
gSpeaking of which, what kind of shop does Origami usually buy from?h
gUuuuncccc.I buy them near my house most of the timeh
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
196 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
After saying that, she made a wry smile and looked slightly embarrassed.
gActually, I wanted to make it more elaborate butcc..I am just bad with that kind of
stuff. I donft have sense for themh
gThatfs not true. Your clothes for today are really cute you know?h
gcccc..uh!h
After Shidou said that, Origami looked surprised and quickly looked away.
gOrigami?h
gU-unccc..nothing. M-more importantly, if you want to look for clothes, can we
go to the building at the station, even though we might have to back track a bit? I
rarely go thereh
gAah, of courseh
Shidou agreed at Origamifs words. They then passed the back street and walked
towards the main street leading to the station.
gFuunccccI was worried there for a moment but things donft look so badh
Half-way through, Kotorifs voice echoed in his right ear.
gHer affection level is increasing. If things go well, then we might be able to settle
this within today.----but, donft lower your guard. I donft know the reason but, her
sudden emotion value changes are extreme. Please be aware to not startle her too
much.h
gUnderstoodcc.h
After saying that softly, Shidou walked forward.
Not long later, both of them reached the twin-building soaring in front the station.
The building was crowded with shoppers; maybe because it was a rest day.
After reaching the 3rd floor with the escalator, Shidou and Origami entered a stylish
selection shop that they found before looking around at the clothes lined up in there.
gCome on Shidou, donft just lookh
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
197 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Kotori said that in an irritated manner. After Shidou [Ah] moved his eyebrows, he
called out to Origami, who was touching the fur of a coat.
gSince we are here, Ifll give you one piece as a present. What do you want?h
gEh?h
Origami opened her eyes wide.
gNo, Ifll feel badcc.see, itfs quite expensiveh
Origami showed the coatfs price tag to Shidou while whispering. 39800
yenccc..itfs quite a critical price for a high school male student.
But, <Ratatoskr> was backing Shidou up now. Shidou *Don* hit his chest.
gLeave it to meh
gButh
gShow me the first time you wear that as payment. So have that as your thanksh
Origami made a wry smile in embarrassment at Shidoufs words.
gItsuka-kun, you often make girls cry?[11C 1]h
gHeh? Wh-whycc?h
gI was just wondering that, you seem quite used to thish
After saying that, Origami looked at Shidou with half her eyes opened. Sweat flow
down Shidoufs cheeks.
gO-oi oicc..h
Origami then relaxed her cheeks.
gFufu, itfs a joke.----then, Ifll take you for your word. But since I am at it, can you
let me look around a little more? Since showing you first is the condition, I want to
choice one that would make Itsuka-kun happyh
Origami said that jokingly.
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
198 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gY-yeahh
After Shidou nodded, Origami started looking around the shop with light footsteps.
gUpupuccc.make girls cry. You got seen through, Shidouh
gGive me a breakcc..h
He mixed in a sigh in his reply when he heard Kotorifs voice in his right ear.
gI donft say you canft be that. Of course, Shidou being too used on handling girls
is something to think about but, itfs alright since its Shidouh
gccc.what do you mean by thath
gYour inerasable cherry boy smellh
gSorry, please donft say ith
Shidou covered his face with both his hands and looked like he was about to cry
sorrowfully. Kotori *Haaa* sigh could be heard.
gMore importantly, donft leave Origami aloneh
gAhccc.thatfs righth
He looked around when he was told that. But, just where did she go? Origami could
not be seen anywhere.
gAh-recc.where did she go?h
gSee, what did I tell youccccReine, where is her location?h
gcccc.hnn, approximately 20 meters behind Shinh
Reine talked to respond to Kotorifs words. As <Ratatoskr>fs analyst, shefs also
providing support to Shidou.
gSorry and thanksh
After saying that, Shidou listened to Reinefs words. He then started walking at the
back direction.
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
199 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
He then found out that his goal was a dressing room separated by a curtain.
gAah, I see. So thatfs whatfs going onh
Shidou nodded in agreement. No wonder Origami couldn't be found anywhere. It
seems that she already picked her clothes and has gone to try it on.
While looking at the products in display on the shelf nearby, he randomly spent
some time until Origami comes out.
But------
gKyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!?h
Origamifs shout suddenly echoed out from the dressing room, and caused Shidou to
gasp.
gW-whatfs wrong Origami!h
gW-why am I incccch
After Shidou shouted, Origamifs frightened voice could be heard from the opposite
side of the curtain.
He had a bad premonition. Shidou made up his mind and placed his hands on the
curtain.
gSorry Origami! I am opening this!h
gEhcccc.? Ah, no, donft do it, Itsuka-k------g
Origami tried to stop him but, he still ended up opening the curtain.
gcccc..heh?h
But. Shidou opened his mouth blankly with his eyes opened when he saw her.
However, it was only natural. Thatfs because, Origami, who collapsed down
powerlessly in the dressing room was right now wearing a school swimsuit,
incidentally; she was also wearing accessories like dog ear headband on her head, a
dog tail on her butt, and a leather collar around her neck. Anyone will probably go
blank for a moment.
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
200 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gO-origamicccc.? That appearanceccc..h
She twitched her shoulders when Shidou said that.
gD-donft misunderstand! I wonft-----wonftccc..!h
Origamifs eyes were swimming around in chaos. Itfs as if Origami does not know
why she was in this outfit herself too.
gI donft remember taking these clothes and yet when did Icccc! Why am I in a
school swimsuit-------g
While saying that, Origami frowned her face because of a sudden headache.
gSchool swimsuitcccdog earsccuu, my headcc..h
The moment Origami said that painfully while pressing her head, *Piii**Piii* the
alarm could be heard in the Incam.
gShidou! Origamifs emotions value!h
gO-Origami! Come, letfs get you changed and see something else! Okay!h
Shidou turned flustered and shouted before closing the dressing room curtain.
gccc.I am so sorry. You went through all that to invite me too. I am kind of weird
todayccc.h
Approximately 20 minutes after they left the shop. Origami pressed her forehead
with her hands while saying that at a restaurant located at the upper level of the same
building.
gDonft worry about it. It was me that invited you anyway. If you are feeling sick then
letfs end it early?h
Shidou said that as if he was worried about Origami. However, Origami swung her
head to the side.
gU-un, thatfs not it. Itfs just-----g
gJust?h
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
201 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gccccNothing. Anyways; I am okay. Sorry for making you worryh
Origami tried to play it off before making a wry smile. Shidou was still looking at
her worried but, he did not pry further anymore maybe to respect Origamifs words.
gcccccccch
Origami made sure Shidou did not notice before making a small sigh.
Itfs not like; walking with Shidou in the city was boring. Forget that, being this
uplifted feel so nostalgic that it made this so unbearably fun.
But even so; sometimescccca strange feeling would attack her.
She does not know of the reason too but, the moment she saw that strange costume
that would make anyone think [Just what timing would it be for me to wear
something like this] in the cosplay shop, a strong wave pushed the back from the
inside of her heart.
Itfs as if-------this was something she wore before.
Of course, there was no way she did that before. A weird appearance of school
swimsuit + dog ears and tail+ collar was something Origami has never worn in her
life. Even if a gun was pointed at her and was told [Wear this or I will shoot], that
obscene outfit was enough to make her hesitate even so. No one would be fond of
wearing that unless a few screws were loose in their head.
However, that was not all. This happened too when she was brought to the weird
medicine shop by Shidou. At that time, Origami half-consciously grabbed a
shopping basket and started shoving the bottles lined up at the shelves in a fluent
manner. She was so good at it that she even wondered that there might be a point
card for that shop in her purse for a moment there.
gIccc..been to that shop before..?h
gEh?h
Shidou replied when Origami mumbled.
As if to match up with his actions, the food they ordered just now was served to
them. Origami looked over there as if to play off the words she just said.
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
202 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gOh here, Itsuka-kun. Eat it before it gets cold okay?h
gHn? Y-yeahh
As if he was urged by Origami, Shidou took the spoon and started eating his omelet
rice. Origami also started eating her seafood doria.
And, after some time pass, right when he was half way done with his omelet rice,
Shidou suddenly pressed his right ears and stood up from his seat.
gSorry. Ifll be back soonh
gAh, unh
Just what happened? Although, prying in wonft do anything for her. Origami made a
small nod before seeing Shidou off.
She let out a big sigh when Shidou could no longer be seen.
gHaaaccc..what is wrong with meh
Shefs going to feel bad for Shidou at this rate, even though he went through all that
trouble to invite her. She has to get a grip of herself. After Origami put down her
spoon, she lightly stretched her cheeks to energize herself.
But at that moment.
gAh------g
A certain object was caught in Origamifs eyes.
Even though she just made a resolve, a distorting feeling attacked her heart again.
The object Origami saw. Thatfs-----
gI-Itsuka-kunfscccc.spooncch
Yes. Leaving his seat during meal time would mean that he left the spoon that was
just in use.
Origami felt her heart pumping with tremendous momentum.
gN-nonono, what am I thinkingcc..h
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
203 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
She quickly stopped her hand that was extending towards the spoon with her other
hand. Thatfs just going overboard. She would be a perfect pervert if she does
something like that. This will cause a case in court.
But, even though she was well-aware of that, her right hand extended forward
energetically. Itfs as if there was another person inside Origami and was forcefully
moving her body.
gKuhccc.calm down my right handh
Even though she said that, there was no effect.
Her head turned chaotic within time and she no longer understood what was going
on anymore. What was correct? What was wrong? The foundations of right and
wrong changes according to the age and is there anyone that can say that Origamifs
action will be wrong? No, there isnft (Rhetorical question). Why is this a mistake?
The philosopher Oririn Toviichi once said this. No one can prove my existence but,
I can make certain of my existence by licking Shidoufs spoon. Which means, My
licking proves that I am here.
Inside Origamifs hazy consciousness, she felt her left hand stopping her right hand,
turning weaker.
gOu, Sorry Origami, I made you wait------g
And. Shidou, who got back from the toilet, stopped his legs right in front the table.
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
204 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
205 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
The reason was simple. Shidou has encountered the scene of Origami holding his
spoon and extending her tongue out to it with a very lewd expression.
gO-Origamiccc..?h
After saying that, Origami twitched her shoulders as if she just noticed Shidoufs
existence. Light filled her eyes when it was empty like she was possessed by
something and sweat started pouring out of her face immediately.
gD-donft be mistaken! This isccnot what you think it is!h
He doesnft know what he was mistaken about but, Origami raised her voice in panic.
gN-no, itfs okaycc.I am used to it too anywayh
gListen! Itfs really not what you think! Y-yes, itfs just t-that! Your spoon dropped
onto the floor when you stood up from your seat! And it was just so happen that I
picked it up!h
Origami begged Shidou by shouting and *Gatan* stood up.
The cup left on the table shook from the impact when she stood up and dropped
towards Shidoufs direction. Water splashed onto the hem of the shirt Shidou was
wearing.
gOoppscc.h
gAh! I-I am so sorry, I panicked and-----g
gHaha, this is enough so itfs okay. It will dry fast anywayh
After saying that to calm Origami, who looked ashamed, Shidou pinched the hem of
his shirt and lightly squeeze it to remove the water. Shidoufs belly button peeked out
when he did that.
And, at that moment.
g-------------!h
Origami took out her cell phone from her pocket with lightning speed and the sound
of continuous shutter pressing echoed after the lens was pointed to Shidou with fluid
movements.
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
206 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gEh?h
gHaah!h
When Shidou opened his eyes in surprise, Origami was also making a shocked
expression at the opposite side too. Itfs as if her body disobeying her will and
moved.
gBelieve me, Itsuka-kunccc.! M-my bodycc.is moving by its owncc.!h
Origami appealed to him with teary eyes. However, her finger was still continuously
pressing on the shutter.
g------Why!? Whyyyyyyy!?h
Origamifs teary voice and continuous shutter pressing, echoed throughout the
afternoon restaurant.
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
207 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
208 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Chapter 10: The Angel Of The Night
With Falling Stars
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
209 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
210 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 1
The time was 6:30 Pm. The sun will set faster during November. The city sunk into
darkness already.
The atmosphere was cold as if the warmth during the day was a lie, and If he *haaa*
exhale, a white mist will form and disappear. The pleasant breeze shook the trees
and the falling leaves flew up to the sky.
Within the sounds of winter fs footsteps, Shidou and Origami visited the high
ground park which has a clear view of the city. <Ratatoskr> ordered him to go there
since it was a place filled with the mood to end a date.
Many stars could be seen at the outer edge of the park.-----Well, the electronic lights
sparkling on the ground were more amusing since they were more in number than
the ones in the sky.
gItfs a little cold at this time as expectedh
After Shidou said that, Origami, who was looking at the night scenery, tilted her
head slightly forward.
gUnn, I was unprepared since it was warm during the day. I should have brought my
glovesh
Origami said that before making a wry smile while rubbing her hands together.
She was on a rampage during the afternoon but, she has finally calmed
downcccc.Well, she would sometimes point her cell phone lens at Shidou,
smell Shidoufs neck smell, and even though she was not holding anything, she
would take on a posture as if she was pouring into the cup Shidou was drinking
butcccccShidou did not worry too much about it. From what he heard from
her, it seems that her body moves by reflex. As expected,Origami is really Origami
huh; Shidou felt a little relieved knowing that.
gHahaccc.Thatfs true. Ah, oh yeah. We can use a can coffee from that vending
machine----g
Kotorifs voice echoed in his right ear just when Shidou was about to finish his
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
211 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
sentence.
g--------hey, thatfs a wrong choice, Shidou. A girl is saying that her hands are cold
you knowh
gcccccch
After looking around silently for a moment, Shidou nodded to make his resolve and
placed his hands over Origamifs hands.------either it was from the nervousness or
cold; Shidoufs hands were slightly trembling though.
gEhh-----g
Origami widens her eyes in surprise for an instant. But, she immediately realized
Shidoufs intentions. Her cheeks slightly blushed and slightly looked downwards.
gFuFuun, why not. Her affection level isnft bad. We might be able to end this
today.-----but, I guess we need one more push to fully seal herh
Kotori said that with a groan. Reinefs reply then echoed in the Incam.
gccccaah, one more thing, there is something inside her pulling her back.
This readingcc. Itfs close to anxiety. I guess itfs about her not knowing about
Shinfs acceptance to herh
gAnxietyccchuh. Well, itfs right after causing all those eccentric actions after
allccc.h
Kotori made a dry smile and said that.
gWell, that just makes things simpler. All we have to do is make her anxiety
disappear right?h
gccc..well thatfs right butccccwhat are we going to do?h
Kotori snorted when Shidou asked with a soft voice.
gIsnft it obvious? Origami is feeling anxious because she doesnft know if Shidou
accepts her right? Then, itfs the best and fastest way to tell her through wordsh
gWhich meanscccc.h
gThe confession of love is the only choiceh
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
212 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
He could somewhat predict that. A stream of sweat droops down his cheeks.
He recalled back the time he confessed to Origami in the previous world. Thinking
back, that was also ordered by Kotori with the goal of training him.
Now that he thinks about it that was the reason why the Origami of the previous
world started getting very assertive to Shidou. Is this Origami the same as her?
Kotorifs suddenly echoed when Shidou was wondering that.
gWhy are you hesitating? This is the best chance to seal the Spirit hunter <Devil>?
If we miss todayfs chance; there might be the possibility that the other Spirits
might meet danger the next time the next chance comesh
gUuu----g
Kotorifs right.
Whispering of love even though Shidou has not made up his mind was just plain
dishonest. But, there might be casualties if he doesnft seal Origami here. They might
be the girls that have already been sealed, and it might even be Spirits he hasnft met
before. Or maybe-----therefs the possibility that Origami might hurt herself.
Thatfs something Shidou must not allow.
After Shidou *Suuu* exhaled, he looked towards Origami while still holding onto
her hands.
gHeey-----Origamih
gYes? Itsuka-kun?h
gErrccc.There is something I want to tell youh
When Shidou said that, Origami looked back at Shidoufs face with a meek face.
The moment he and Origami were looking at each other, he found out that his heart
suddenly started pumping harder.
He reconfirmed her loveliness once again when he looked at her face again. Hair
bangs covering her forehead. Transparent clear eyes paired with long eyelashes.
Cherry lips that might steal his heart just by even touching it------ the thought of
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
213 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
how lucky he was at the previous world for being loved by a girl like this grazed his
mind.
But, he canft stay engrossed in such emotions. After Shidou gulped, he set aside the
anxiety inside his heart and was about to open his mouth.
But, right before Shidou was about to say that.
gActually, Icchave something I have to tell Itsuka-kun tooh
Origami quietly said that.
gI-is it something you have to saycc.?
Shidou replied back because the timing for confession got slipped out.
Origami then looked away hesitantly for a few moments before slowly moving her
mouth.
gYou know that I was a part of the JGSDF Anti Spirit team----the AST right?h
gYeahcc.I knowh
gBut, I quit AST just recentlyh
gThatfscccch
Shidou spoke ambiguously. He has already heard from Kotori that Origami has
resigned from the AST but, itfs just unnatural for Shidou to know that here.
gIs that soccc..is it because that your consciousness gets cut off from Anemia,
like what happened last time?h
When Shidou said that, Origami *Fuu* looked downwards.
gUn. That is one of the reasons. Thatfs because that sickness is critical in a job that
uses dangerous weapon. But------ever since I get that sickness. I, no longer
understand somethingh
gNo longer understand? Whatccc?h
After Shidou said that, Origami made an awkward wry smile.
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
214 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gcccc..even the ASTfs job is to defeat the Spirits, which is the cause of the
Space quakecc..i was just wondering, if that really is the right thing to doh
gWha-------g
Shidou gasped in reflex.
Thatfs normal. Speaking of the Origami, Shidou knows about; she hates spirits, and
lived with the goal of killing Spirits.
As expected, maybe because the influence of her parents not killed by the Spirits was
big or maybe, she started feeling that because she became a Spirit, even though itfs
unconsciously--------he doesnft know about the details but; he never thought he
would hear those words from her, even in his dreams.
However, just what did she take on Shidoufs reaction; Origami brought her
eyebrows closer apologetically.
gcccI am sorry. The Spiritfs were the ones that killed Itsuka-kunfs brotherh
gDo-donft apologize!h
gEhccc..h
Origami made a surprised look at Shidoufs words. His brother-------it was actually
Shidou-----was killed but, she probably didnft thought he would say something like
that.
gI donft think that Origamifs way of thinking is wrong at all, not even a little. I----
not that; my brother must have thought that way too!h
gItsuka-kunccc..h
Origami said that with a trembling voice; her shoulders trembled slightly and she
looks as if she was about to cry anytime soon.
gAh, So-sorryccwhat have Ih
After saying that, she looked away to play it off. Shidou did not pry into the matter
anymore and poured strength into his hands which were holding Origamifs hands
harder.
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
215 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
And at that moment.
gcccc!h
A fanfare could be heard suddenly in the Incam in his right ear.
g---Affection level, sudden burst up!h
gPoint, it has reached the top!h
gccccFumu, looks like that was the reason for her remaining anxietyh
Reinefs voice could be heard afterwards. No wonder; Origami was worried about
Shidoufs thoughts regarding Origami's different emotions towards the Spirits which
were sprouting inside her.
gAlrightccc..! Shidou, this feels good! Finish it in one go!h
Kotori gave the Go signcccc.this somehow messed up the mood. Shidou made
a wry smile while holding Origamifs hands.
Nevertheless, this was a great chance. Shidou arranged his breathing to calm his
heartbeat which increased from the nervousness before quietly looking back at
Origami.
gOrigami, err-----g
gAh! Itsuka-kun, look at that!h
But, Shidoufs confession was interrupted once again. Origami hang out to the
wooden guardrails installed at the edge of the park and pointed her finger up to the
sky. At the direction she was pointing to, a glittering star was falling down.
gItfs a shooting star, a shooting star. I have to make a wishh
gEh? E-even if you tell me that all of a sudden----g
Even though he says that, Shidou started making a wish in his head.-----he wished
that he could seal Origamifs Reiryoku properly. And also, Origami and the girls to
understand each otherccwell, the shooting star was long gone by the time he
reached that point but-------
And, at that moment.
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
216 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gccc..uh?h
Just when Origami, who hang out at the guard rail to look up at the sky, suddenly
gasped; she suddenly pulled his hands which was holding onto hers.
gShidou!h
Kotorifs warning shook his right ear fs eardrum.
He did not know what happened there for a moment. But-----he immediately
understood.
Maybe because the guardrail was too old; the part that was getting stressed by
Origamifs body weight, *Meri* bent.
Of course, Origamifs body who was hanging on it fell off the parkfs outer edge
which was by the way located at a high location, as if to match up to it.
gKyaaa!?h
gUwaah!h
Origami shouted loudly. Shidou shouted and at the same time he was surprised from
her voice and the event that just happened.
But, luckily or not; Shidou was still holding onto Origamifs hands. His armfs
tendons were about to be torn off when it was pulled from the sudden weight but, he
somehow managed to pour strength into it and hang onto Origami. When he did
that, his left hand felt a sharp pain maybe because he scratched the cross section of
the broken guardrail.
gccToaryaaa!h
Together with an odd shout, he fell backwards together with Origami. Origami then
[Kyaa] let out a short shout before covering Shidou, who fell upwards by riding on
top of him.
gOuchc.A-are you alright, Origamih
gU-unccc.thank you, Itsuka-kunh
Origami replied back with a trembling voice at Shidoufs words. She was probably
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
217 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
quite shocked; he could feel her heartbeat pumping violently through her chest
which was pushed onto him.
Shidou then noticed something.
He found out that he was so close to Origami that he could feel her breathing.
gccc..!h
g-----itfs a chance, Shidou! The affection level is enough. Finish it!h
Kotorifs voice echoed. Itfs true that, Origamifs head position could be reached if
Shidou slightly raises his head. Judging by the situation where they just escaped
danger; this was the best chance there is.
gOrigamiccc.h
But-----
Shidou, felt something was off when he was about to kiss Origami.
Origami was not looking at Shidou but more belowcccc..it was directed
towards Shidoufs left hand.
Shidou followed her and looked to his left hand before gasping.
There was a painful wound on Shidoufs left hand when he pulled Origami up
butccc..Flames of Reirokyu were flickering on his wounds as if it was healing it.
Instantly----an ear-piercing loud siren echoed in his right ear fs Incam.
gcccc!! Shidou! Run!h
The same time Kotorifs shout shook Shidoufs eardrums, Origami, who was
covering Shidou slowly rose up as if she was being pulled by strings from the sky.
After she stood up, the impression of her soulless eyes looked different from the
ones she showed just now and mumbled something.
g---------Spiritcccc.h
gccccccc!h
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
218 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Shidou widen his eyes.
It was the same scene he saw when they were on the school roof a few days ago.
---that time Origami saw the Spirit-Kurumi.
The [Speculation] Reine said, grazed his mind.
Whenever Origami sees a Spirit; she will regain her memories of the previous
world----and turn into a Spirit.
And, the flames licking Shidoufs arm, belongs none other to the Spirit <Efreet>.
gA-a-Aaaah-ah?Ahhcccc..h
Origami looked up at the skies with her soulless eyes while her body twitches with
intervals in between. Saliva flow down from the edge of her lips and it shows that
something unusual was happening.
gO-Origami, wait--------g
Shidou tried calling Origami even though he was flustered. But, right before he was
able to finish his sentence, the strong Reiryoku veil surrounding Origami easily
blew Shidou back.
gGuhccc.!?h
Even though his back and his face fell flat onto the ground, he somehow managed to
kill the momentum and lift his face in a crawling manner.
With Origami in the center, black spider nest spread out from her and wrapped
around her body.
gThatfs-----g
A black Astral dress like a mourning dress.
That appearance-----was genuine.
It was her Inverse form that trampled over his previous world.
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
219 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
220 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 2
gMucc..h
In a room of the Spirit mansion; Tohka was hugging a big cushion while rolling on
the sofa.
Tohka wasnft the only one in the room. When she took a glance over to the
television, she could see the Yamai sisters competing in a game with ice cream as
the prize and when she looked behind, she could see Yoshino and Natsumi chatting.
Yes. The Itsuka family house was empty since Shidou and Kotori has a big matter to
attend today so, all of them gathered in Tohkafs room.
gNuuccch
After giving out a groan for who knows how many times; Tohka switched her
sleeping side on the sofa.
Itfs not like she was unsatisfied about staying at home. This happened many times
already in the past.
Itfs true that she feels a little lonely because she canft eat Shidoufs food but, since
Shidou and Kotori were busy; Tohka just canft trouble them because of her
selfishness.
Howevercccc..just whatfs going on? Her heart has been on a rampage today
for some reason.
No, it didn't start today more specifically. A few days ago------ever since the transfer
student came to the class, Tohka has been feeling something fuzzy around her chest
and couldn't do anything about it.
And, when Tohka was shaking her throat difficulty, *Nyuuu* Mikufs head popped
up behind the Sofafs backrest.
gUfufu, what is wrong Tohka-san. Feeling cranky that darling isnft here?h
gThatfs not true. Itfs just thatcccch
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
221 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
After Tohka made a sullen face, she immersed herself in thought to find the words
that fits her current feelings. But, she could not express anything at all.
gccc.muuh
[Aahnn] Miku relaxed her face while it turned red before she jumped over the sofa
as if she was a running high jump player jumping over a bar; she then dove in
between the gaps behind Tohka.
gHnnnmoou! Tohka-sanfs troubled face is too much! *Cohoo*! *Cohoo*!h
She wriggled her body while saying that. Incidentally, the mysterious voice at the
last half of the sentence was the sound of her rough breathing when she was pushing
her face onto Tohkafs back.
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
222 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
223 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gWhat are you doing, Miku, its ticklish!h
gMuuun, why not? Itfs not something that will decrease anywayh
Miku wrapped her hands around Tohka and passionately rubbed her cheeks on her.
After Tohka placed her hands on Mikufs forehead, she then pushed Miku to pull
herself away from her.
---at that moment.
gcccc..!?h
Tohka raised her eyebrows in reflex.
She does not know the exact reason why. But------her body felt something. It felt like
fireworks sparking inside her head.
gWhacccc..h
gShock. That was-----g
It seems that Tohka wasnft the only one who felt that. The Yamai sisters, who were
competing, also raised their face at the same time. The moment they did that, image
of the car crashed was shown on the television screen maybe because they made a
mistake in the controls.
Further behind her; Yoshino and Natsumi brought their eyebrows closer and looked
around; Miku clinging onto Tohka also looked surprised.
gW-what is itccch
g--------------g
After Tohka felt danger with her instincts, she jumped off the sofa and opened the
window before heading out the veranda barefooted.
She then hung out at the guardrails and looked left and right before, she saw a dim
light released around a cliff far away in the night skies.
gThatfsccc!h
A normal person would not stop to bother that level of brightness. However, Tohka
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
224 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
the Spirit noticed it in one glance. That glow was from Reiryoku. -----there is
someone with tremendous power at that place.
gFuun, something feels fishy. This feeling iscch
gConsent. A----Spirith
The others followed Tohka out the veranda. They then looked towards the direction
that Tohka felt the Reiryoku coming from, as if they were prearranged to do so.
gErrccthat place ish
gAhh, I think the park is around the area?h
gcccc!h
The moment Miku said that; Shidou, who was not here appeared inside Tohkafs
mind.
Thatfs right. Now that she mentions it, Shidou brought Tohka to that place before
last time.
The moment she recognized that, Tohkafs heart rang like an alarm bell.
Itfs not like she was certain that Shidou was at that spot. But, the face of Shidou
floating in her mind, mixed in with the odd feeling that has been lurking in her heart
until now and caused Tohkafs heartbeat to rise.
gTohka!?h
gTohka-san!h
g-------!h
Within her half-conscious state, Tohka placed her legs on the veranda guardrail
before jumping into the darkness.
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
225 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
226 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 3
gReiryoku value, category E! Tobiichi Origami has inversed!h
gKuh----Like I thought, Reinefs speculations were correct huhcc..!h
Kotori ,her crews voice and the continuous sound of the alarm which call forth
danger instinctively, could be heard from the Incam in his right ear.
gcccccch
Shidou heard those sounds while quietly looking at Origami alone.
Of course, Shidou was in chaos. Origami inversed again when she could finally be
saved and he was scared to his wits.
However within those emotions, an extremely calm situation judgment was
formulating somewhere in his head.
Shidou dashed towards Origami.
But, he was blown away by the wall of swirling Reiryoku surrounding Origami,
right before he could reach her.
gKuh-------g
gShidou!? what are you doing!h
gI have to stop Origamicc..now, or else something terrible will happen!h
Yes. Origamifs inverse was because she saw the healing flames which activated
unconsciously; if that is the case then, her inverse will not settle down unless her
target Shidou disappears in front of her.
However, naturally; Shidou canft make a clone of himself like Kurumi.
Which means-----Origami will continue rampaging until Shidou is dead and once
that condition is fulfilled and Origamifs inverse settles down; the method to seal
Origamifs Reiryoku will forever be lost in replacement for that condition
fulfillment.
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
227 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Of course; Shidou has Kotorifs protection- the power of healing flames. It would
immediately heal all half-baked wounds.
However, therefs a limit to that. Itfs true that Shidou replaced Origamifs parents with
himself 5 years ago but, it was still unknown that he survived because of Kotorifs
healing Reiryoku or [Yud Bet]fs power was depleted right before he received the
attack.
Even if the healing power was possible; therefs a possibility that Origami will
continue staying inversed as long as she knows that Shidoufs alive.
Then----the chance is only now.
This was the only chance to get close to Origami since she has not manifested her
[Wing].
gcccc..Origami!h
While calling out her name-----Shidou recalled back the scene he once saw.
The scene that the city was messed up from the rays of darkness shot down from the
Inversed Origami.
He canft have that happen ever again. He canft let Origami do that ever again.
After Shidou clenched his fist, he once again dashed towards Origami.
gStop, Shidou! Hurry up and get away from Origami!h
But, at that moment, Kotorifs shout shook his eardrums and Shidou stopped his legs
in reflex.
gWh-what are you saying! This is the only chance-----g
gLike I said; get away from her. Donft tell me you're trying to breakthrough a
Reiryoku wall with your body?h
g--------eh?h
Shidou widens his eyes in reflex.
The same time Kotorifs voice echoed in his right ear; several glows appeared
around Origami and within them, sharp metallic clusters appeared.
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
228 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
It has a form that looks like a metallic diamond with stretched sides. Putting it into
words; it looks like a giant [leaf]. All of it deployed invisible walls and were
surrounding Origami with its tip pointed at her.
gThis isccc.h
g------<Yggd Folium>, deploy!h
The moment Kotori said that, the [Leaf] increased the size of the invisible wall set
up and restrained Origami by crushing her, who was wearing a black Astral dress,
from 8 different sides.
gWha-----g
g<Yggd Folium>. They are <Fraxinus> all-purpose automated units with Territory
in each of them. Sorry but, we set them up around you. I didnft thought we would
be using them thoughh
*Fuun*Kotori snorted before saying that.
Afterwards, the moment Shidou thought a glow appeared far up above the park that
he and Origami was in, the airship <Fraxinus> appeared as if its mirror skin got
torn off. Before he knew it, it seems that it has reached to a location that could be
seen by the naked eye.
Normally, <Fraxinus> would deploy its invisible camouflage with its Realizer and
hide its existence from the surroundings.
The only time the ship would expose itself was when it needs to release the
Realizer fs output outside the Territory deployed around its surroundings.
More specifically; it was to retrieve personals or objects outside with the teleporter,
or to dispatch the <Yggd Folium> outside.
And also----when itfs about to fire <Mystletainn>.
gKotori, donft tell me!h
After Shidou shouted, <Fraxinus> slowly lowered its bow downwards at the sky as
to respond and pointed its cannon at Origami. This action cannot be performed
unless the airship was controlled with a Territory because it was a really unstable
position.
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
229 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Maryoku light glowed inside the cannon.
gRelax. We adjusted the power. <Mystletainn> will break the Reiryoku wall for a
few seconds so, take that chance and get close to Origami!h
gccc! O-okay!h
g------I didnft want to be rough but, we canft have the city to be destroyedh
gCommander, Maryoku charge complete, we can shoot anytime!h
The voices of the crew echoed in response to Kotorifs voice.
gAlright. Target, Tobiichi Origami on the ground! Donft miss this, Kannazuki!h
gLeave it to meh
<Fraxinus> vice Commander-Kannazuki Kyouhei shook his right eardrum with a
calm voice.
g<Mystletainn> fi--------------g
However, it occurred right before Kotori was about to give out her order. Shidou
gasped in reflex.
gKotori! Ruuuuuuun!h
He then shouted so hard that he might break his throat.
The reason was simple. Up at Shidoufs view-------several [Wing] giving out a black
glow surrounded <Fraxinus> which was floating up at the dark sky, it's just like how
they surrounded Origami with the <Yggd Folium>------<Satan> has appeared.
gEh-----?h
The sound of the danger alarm and Kotorifs unguarded voice could be heard
through the Incam.
After <Satan> pointed its tip at <Fraxinus>, it shot highly-dense black beams that
look like concentrated darkness, all at once.
<Fraxinus>fs white frame was covered with darkness from all direction; there were
explosions, there were scraping and some pierced through. Loud explosions and
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
230 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
their screams echoed into his right ear fs Incam.
gKyaaaa!h
gKotori! Kotoricc!!h
There was no answer even though Shidou shouted. Instead; smoke puffed out from
every places of the <Fraxinus> floating up in the sky and at the same time, the
<Yggd Folium> restraining Origami, flickered weakly before falling around her.
gAhccc.h
Shidou widen his eyes in horror while letting out a short voice.
The <Fraxinus> falling down from the night sky. That scene resembles the one he
saw in the previous world.
The <Fraxinus> got shot down by Origami at that time too.
gWhyccjust whycccc!h
Shidou shouted half-consciously.
The history that was supposed to be changed, the world that should have been
rewritten, all of it were flowing back to its original form, one event after another. --
----itfs as if, this was forcing Shidou to know that no matter how much he struggles,
the ending that has been decided cannot be changed.
g----------g
Having her shackles released, Origami floated up from the spot without saying
anything and bend her body to look like an embryo.-----itfs like she was trapping
her heart from the outside world.
At the same time, the tips of the countless [wing] started brimming with darkness as
if it was going to continue attacking the <Fraxinus> which was slowly lowering its
altitude.
gccc! Origami!h
Shidou called out her name, and dashed to the spot again. But------he was obstructed
by the Reiryoku wall and could not touch Origami.
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
231 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
During the time he was doing this, the black [Wing] waiting in the sky, was
launching its attack to <Fraxinus>.
<Fraxinus> was already half-destroyed from the previous attack. He had no idea
what would happen to the crew and <Fraxinus> if it receive the next attack now.
gStop, Origami! Please Stoooooopppp!h
However, Shidoufs call did not reach Origami.
Black beams were released from the tips of the countless [Wing].
gcccc..!!h
But-----at that moment.
When he thought a sudden gust blew past; the black [Wing] got shaken and slightly
diverted its direction. The beam shot by <Satan> scratched <Fraxinus>fs frame
before disappearing into the empty sky.
No matter how strong that wind may be; there was no way a normal wind would
shake <Satan>. Shidou noticed the identity of the wind and twitched his shoulders.
gThis iscc..h
In the next moment, when Shidou thought several [Wing] appeared around Origami,
it pointed its tip at him. It seems that she judged Shidou as a potential enemy.
gKuh------!?h
He canft dodge this number. Shidou prepared himself for the incoming attack and
stiffen up.
But; faster than Origami able to fire her Angelfs-[Wing] by a beat,
g----Haaaaaaa!h
When that voice echoed above from the sky; a Spirit, who manifested her limit
Astral dress, swung her giant sword and blew the [Wing] away.
gAre you okay, Shidou!h
gTohka!h
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
232 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Shidou said the girlfs name. Yes. It was Tohka that was supposed to be in the
mansion beside the Itsuka family house, was the one that appeared here.
No, she was not the only one. Following after Tohka, the Spirits in their Limit Astral
dress started appearing in the park one after another.
Yoshino sitting behind a giant rabbit puppet, an Adult Natsumi, and Miku, who
manifested a light keyboard around her. And in the sky, it was the Yamai sisters that
caused that typhoon just now to save <Fraxinus> from critical danger.
gYou girls----why are you all here!?h
gE-eercch
gUfufu, itfs normal that I would run over here to save darling from a pinchh
gWell, you followed after Tohka-chan afterwards anywayh
gAhhhh, you mustnft say that!h
Miku [Shhh] made one finger stand. The behavior of the adult version Natsumi
changed completely as she leisurely shrugged her shoulders.
gSo-----Shidouh
After Tohka prepared the Angel <Sandalphon> as if to protect Shidou, she glared at
Origami without lowering her guard and moved her lips.
gccccI feel a very strong Reiryoku. Just who is it?h
Tohka asked him. Shidou clenched his fist enough for his fingernails to bite into his
meat and answered her.
gThatfscc..Origamih
gWhatcccc? That is the transfer student?h
Tohka asked dubiously. However, it was only natural for her to do so. The days
Tohka and Origami met in this world was little-------more importantly, it was
probably hard to believe if she was told that it was her classmate thatfs floating up in
the sky while wearing a black Astral dress.
She has an overpowering majestic appearance that will make anyone freeze in fear
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
233 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
even just by confronting her.
DEMfs Isaac Westcott named Inversed Spirits as Devil kings but------that right now
in front of Shidou, has tremendous power that does not make that expression sound
over the top.
gccccccccuhh
But. After Shidou clenched his teeth, he took one step forward.
gShidouccc?h
Tohka raised her eyebrows when he done that. She most likely was telling him that
itfs dangerous.
Hefs fully aware of that. But, Shidou has to reach Origami.
If Origami is left unleased in the sky then, the Tenguu city spread out under his eyes
will once again turn into the ruins that are inside Shidoufs memories. And for
Origami------she will probably never return to the normal self ever again.
That has to be prevented no matter what.
Even though itfs a small possibility; Shidou was the only one-----that has to take
Origamifs hands.
However-----Shidoufs power isnft enough.
Shidoufs power was just too small in front of the powerful devil king in front of
him.
gccccceveryoneh
Shidou faced over to everyone who flew over her; before letting out his voice.
---was he going tell them to run away?
Was he going to tell them to avoid fighting Origami?
But, Shidou
g------Please help me tocc.save hercch
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
234 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Even though he felt apologetic for doing this, he had no choice but to say this.
Tohka, who was standing in front of Shidou, made a surprised face for a moment
before replying back.
gWhat are you saying? Of course I willh
After saying that, she gripped <Sandalphon>fs handle harder.
gShidou saved me. You taught me the beauty of this world. Shidou was the one that
made my world----then itfs my turn now to help Shidouh
gTohkacc..h
Following after Tohka, the other Spirits also nodded.
gMe and Yoshinoncccc.want to be useful to Shidou-sanc.!h
gYes yes, be honest and count on Onee-san. Shidou-kun isnft very strong so you
shouldnft be recklessh
gRather, even if itfs darling, I would be angry if you told us to [Run away] you
know?h
Yoshino, Natsumi and Miku *Nii* smiled while saying that. Kaguya and Yuzurufs
voice echoed down from the sky.
gKaka, very well then! I have received your determination properly! The child of
the typhoons-Kaguya will lend you her power!h
gUndertaking. Leave the sky to Yuzuru and Kaguyah
gEveryone-----g
Shidou gripped his fist when he heard everyonefs words.
gThank you all.-----Letfs go to Origamih
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
235 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
236 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 4
---[Origami] has lost her composure.
After getting saved by Shidou when she was about to fall off the edge of the park,
her consciousness got far away like usual the moment she saw the flickering light
on Shidoufs arm butccc..
She was standing at an unknown place when she noticed.
As far as she could see, the empty space was completely pure white. Is that thing the
sky or ceiling above her head? She doesnft even know if the view in front of her
was the horizon or not. Tentatively, she was [Standing] at the spot but; the feeling of
stepping on the ground feels a little fuzzy and the hallucination of her floating will
attack her when she relaxes. Itfs as if she slipped into a Manga coma that has not
been drawn yet.
(What is this placec)
She mumbled blankly while looking around.
(This is a dreamc..no matter how much I think)
It didnft take long for Origami to make her judgment. However, it was not
impossible. There was no way this kind of space would exist.
And-----
(cccEh?)
Origami widens her eyes unexpectedly.
Thatfs because, further up Origamifs view. One girl appeared in the space which
was empty just now, before she noticed.
A slender girl wearing a black dress that looks like darkness. She was crouched
down while hugging her knees and was making a soulless look.
(You areccc.)
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
237 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Origami noticed it when she said that far.
(Me----?)
Yes. Because the scenery looked very impossible to happen, she did not understand
for an instant but no matter how much she looks, the girl there looks similar to
Origami.
Noccccc..itfs a little different if it was put into more correct words. Unlike
Origami, whose hair was reaching half-way down her back; the hair of the girl
crouching down in front of her, only reached the length until it tickles her
shoulders.
Nonetheless, in an opposite sense, that was the only difference they had other than
the clothes she was wearing. Sweat flowed down Origamifs cheeks in reflex when
she felt weird feeling as if she was looking at a mirror.
(What is thiscc)
Even though she judged that this place and feeling was just a dream, Origami could
only raise her eyebrows dubiously.
However at that moment.
(-----------!)
Unfamiliar scenes and words flowed into Origamifs head in one go.
Nocccmore specially, it was a little different.
The same time Origami instantly gained all that information, a conviction was born
inside her.
(This memoriesccare minecc?)
Yes. They were.
Those few years worth of memories, were probably what Origami would
experience if she walked a slightly different path from the current one.
---[Origami] closed her heart.
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
238 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Information was born inside Origami, the moment she saw the flames of swaying
Reiryoku. They were Origamifs memories of the previous world, she has forgotten.
When those memories devoured her consciousness, Origamifs felt her body and
heart getting dyed in pure black.
5 years ago.
Yes, 5 years ago on that summer day; Origamifs parents were the ones that were
killed in front of Origami.
And-----the Spirit that killed her parents was Origami.
The moment she recalled that, Origami could not think anymore.
That might be her defensive instincts kicking in to protect herself.
The fundamental factors that made her current self.
The meaning of her life that became her goal of life.
Inside her head which felt those thoughts returning to the void in the worst possible
way; those memories separated itself from the Origami of this world as if her ego
was completely destroyed.
That was this worldfs rule. The Origami of this world will have her consciousness
separated away the moment her Reiryoku appears and the Origami with the
memories of the previous world will gain the authority to control.
Origami can no longer feel anything. She canft think of anything. She canft sense
anything.
Only one------Origami will only use her powers to kill the Spirit in front of her.
But.
A small light suddenly appeared inside Origamifs head which should have disposed
of everything.
She does not know what happened. Even if it was recognized, the current Origami
was not conscious of it.
---It should have been so.
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
239 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
However; that light expanded a certain memory inside Origamifs mind.
Yes. Thatfs.
It was the memories of the Origami who has lived in the world where both of her
parents did not die 5 years ago on that day.
(-------ah-----------)
Origami let out a very soft voice.
And at that moment.
The consciousness of [Origami] and [Origami] started mixing together like a
whirlpool.
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
240 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
241 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 5
gKaka! I am the child of the typhoon loved by the wind!h
gRespond. There is no one in this world that can follow ush
After saying that, the Yamai sisters both kicked the air at the same time and easily
flew in the sky. In the next moment, beams passed by the spot that the both of them
were at. It seems that <Satan> which was attacking <Fraxinus> identified them as
threat.
gFuun! No matter how strong the power may be, it means nothing if it doesnft hit!h
Kaguya said proudly while dodging the approaching beams with a paper thin
difference using acrobatic movements.
gAdvice. Now, Shidou. Go for the main body while we are attracting this attentionh
Yuzuru told them while dodging the beams like Kaguya. Shidou nodded before
looking back at Origami.
gI am counting on you all!h
ghhhYes!hhhh
The Spirits replied back all at once when Shidou said that.
However at the same time, Origami, who was released from the binds of the <Yggd
Folium> slowly ascended up to the sky.
He canft let Origami get away. Shidou shook his throat.
gMiku!h
gOkay Okaaay, leave it to me!h
Miku then slid her fingers on the light keyboard that she deployed around her, and
started playing an elegant song.
g<Gabriel>------[Rondo]!h
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
242 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
To match with her actions, several pipes appeared around Origami and pointed its
tips at Origami. Mikufs song turned into an invisible power and after making
several layers; Origami who was ascending to the sky, got pushed down to the
ground.
gFufu, not bad Miku-chanh
Natsumi made a bewitching smile from watching her.
gBut, if Miku-chan gets pressured by that girl; she wonft be able to do her original
job. Then-----g
Natsumi raised her right hand and manifested a broom Angel. She then------
g<Haniel>-----[Kaleidoscope]h
The moment Natsumi said that name, the broom in her hand bent like soft clay and
formed the shape of pipes and a keyboard.
gEh!? Thatfsccccc!h
Miku, who was playing her keyboard, looked shocked. It was natural for her to be
like that. Thatfs because the Angel Natsumi manifested looked exactly like Mikufs
<Gabriel>.
gIfll be borrowing this, Miku-chan. Actually; I wanted to [Act] this once, ever since I
saw this last timeh
After saying that, Natsumi crossed both her hands and after playing the keyboard
powerfully; she started playing a valorous song.
g[March]!h
The group was brimming with energy the moment they heard the song. Although
the power was slightly lower, itfs definitely Mikufs [March].
gAhhhhn! Natsumi-chan you copycat!h
gFufu, why not. This is for Shidou-kunh
gBuuuu. Ifll have you pay for copyright infringement later. Ifll have you know that
an Idolfs privileges are really stricth
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
243 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Miku *Pukuuu* puffed her cheeks. It looks like she is a little frustrated that her
exclusive Angel has been manifested. Nonetheless, <Gabriel>fs existence was very
important for the group in a battle. Tohka and Yoshino tilted forward as if they were
going to head to Origami.
However, several more [Wing] appeared from Origami when the space around her
started to distort as if to counter them.
All of it flew around in random trajectories and shot beams at them.
gKuh----!h
gShidou-san!h
gTooouuuu!h
Yoshino and the Angel-<Zadkiel> who was [Yoshinon] transformed; let out her
voice and went forward to protect Shidou. Instantly, the water particles in the air
condensed and froze to divert the trajectory of Origamifs beam.
gSorry, Yoshino, Yoshinon! That was a great help!h
gNocc..more importantly, please be careful, more is coming!h
Yoshino looked at the [Wing] flying in the sky without lowering her guard and said
that.
Yoshinofs right. There were still countless small [Wing] floating around Origami.
Not only did they not manifest their perfect Astral Dress, the Spirits will receive
critical wounds if they are hit in their current Limit Astral Dress. The Yamai sisters
and Yoshino were dodging the attacking skillfully but he doesnft think that it will
last long. He has to reach Origami as fast as possible------
And, when Shidou was immersed in thought, the [Wing] all pointed its tips to
Shidoufs direction as if they sensed him doing so.
However.
gHaaaa!h
A flash appeared in Shidoufs view together with a loud shout and all the [Wing] got
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
244 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
blown away.
gTohka!h
Shidou shouted. Yes. Tohka used <Sandalphon> and attacked the [Wing] before they
fired.
But, the power from a limit form <Sandalphon> will not suffice to destroy the
[Wing]. The undamaged [Wing] started concentrating darkness on its tips again with
a behavior as if it has its own will.
g------Yoshino, I leave Shidou to you!h
gY-yesccc..!h
Yoshino answered to Tohka who said that while facing her back to them.
gShidou-san, letfs go! Please come behind me.
After saying that, Yoshino covered <Zadkiel>fs back with cold air as if to make
armor.
gY-yeahccc..!h
Like controlling a marionette, Yoshino pulled both her hands and made <Zadkiel>
move forward. Shidou hid behind the shadows of the giant rabbit and advanced
towards Origami.
But, without even giving a few seconds; <Zadkiel> march was stopped. -----when he
looked over there, he saw new [Wing] manifested around Origami and a strong
Reiryoku shield was made around them as the core. All they have to do was to
dodge the [Wing] trajectories if it attacks them. However, they had no choice but to
force through if they were devoted into defense.
gUuuccccuuuu-----g
gUguuoooooo! This sure is tough!h
gYoshino, Yoshinon! Are you two alright!h
gI amcccokayccc.!h
Yoshino replied back painfully. She doesnft sound okay no matter how much he
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
245 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
hears her.
However, after Yoshino sharpened her sights, she clenched both her fist and bent
<Zadkiel>fs body.
gI amcc.weak and a crybaby butcccI will send Shidou-san to that personh
<Zadkiel>fs body glowed.
g------The power to break the wallh
Yoshino spread out her hands. The control strings from <Zadkiel>fs back extended
out to her 5 fingers and were sparkling.
g<Zadkiel>-----[Siryon]cc..!h
The moment she called that name; <Zadkiel>fs big body distorted and was absorbed
through the control strings connected to Yoshinofs fingers.
The dense light stored in the strings coiled around Yoshinofs body.
gYoshinocc.!?h
Shidou let out a shrill voice in reflex at the scene he has not seen before.
However, in reply to him,
g-----Yes, Shidou-sanh
It was Yoshinofs firm voice filled with clear intentions.
The light settled down and she finally can be seen.
gArmorccc?h
He mumbled blankly.
Yes. Yoshino was there wearing a white armor.
No------if a more specific word was insisted, it was a question on whether or not to
call that an armor. The weird material that cannot be taken as metal or resins has
joined together with clear ice to cover Yoshinofs Astral dress; itfs as if she was
wearing <Zadkiel>.
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
246 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gHnnccc!h
After Yoshino was fully covered with cold air, she thrust both her hands forward
and joined her fingers.
A blizzard tornado covered her arms covered with the white armor and formed a
gigantic cone.
gAaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhccc!h
Yoshino twisted her joined arms with all her might. Instantly, the drill of cold air
swirling around Yoshinofs arms, opened a gap between the [Wing] and [Wing] like
a drill.
gShidou-sancc..nowcc..!h
gA------aah!h
After Shidou replied to Yoshino, he slipped through the path Yoshino opened and
ran towards Origami.
Origami, who was pushed down by Mikufs [Rondo] was still stopped above 1 meter
off the ground. Of course, if the Inversed Origami uses her power, she can easily
get rid of Mikufs sound since she can only use her Limited powers------not even a
little of will and energy can be felt from Origami now.
Since her attacks uses the black [Wing] too, Origami does not need to let her voice.
Itfs as if it was going around exterminating enemy against her will, like a bodyfs
immunity system.
g-----Origami!h
Shidou raised his voice and called Origamifs name.
But, Origami did not even show a little respond as expected. Her eyes filled with
despair only looked soulless and was directed up to the empty sky.
gKuhcc.!h
Shidou recalled back the scene from the previous world and clenched his teeth.
At that time. Just like what happened here, Shidou managed to reach to Origami
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
247 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
thanks to everyonefs hard work. However, Origamifs heart was completely closed
and would not respond to any words Shidou says.
Things will end up like last time, if this goes on.
Shidoufs power wasnft enough.
Something--------he needs something that he didnft have at that time.
Shidou shouted. He extended his hand.
Thatfs why, whatfs next------he needs an impact inside Origami to make her take
Shidoufs hand.
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
248 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
249 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 6
2 memories mixed inside Origami minds.
Therefs another self inside her, it feels as if she was looking from both sides at the
same time.
That should be so. The Origami from the previous world and the Origami of this
world was still Origami.
By having 2 memories at the same time, Origami understood everything.
The weird feeling that occurred during todayfs date with Shidou. The feeling when
her body moved with another will that does not belong to her. It occurred because
Origamifs body and subconscious was reacting to Shidoufs existence.
This situation is the same too. Originally, the Origami of this world right [Now]-----
-should not be awake when she was in a condition where Spirit powers was active.
However, thanks to the influence from Shidoufs existence, the boundary of the
memories of this world and the previous world turned fuzzy----and in conclusion,
the irregularity of Origami coming in contact with the 2 memories has occurred.
And that caused Origami to be in a terribly chaotic state. With her hearts closed, the
Origami that was trying to throw everything away and the Origami that was trying
to stop her, were inside one container entangled complexly.
(I killed my father, and mother, 5 years ago------)
(----that event did not happen in this world! Itsuka-kunfs brother saved father and
mother 5 years agoccc..!)
The image of the young man who saved them from the beam floated up the same
time Origami said that. Aah, now that she thinks about it; that wasnft Shidoufs
brother but rather it was Shidou himself. She was able to confirm that because she
currently possesses the memories of the previous world.
Next off, the gentle 1 year she passed with her parents after the fire, started
spreading in her brain. Her smiling father and mother. Those warm gatherings. That
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
250 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
irreplaceable time that those 3 spent together.
If she had those memories. If these scenes were left in her mind. Then, Origami
would probably live a different life.
---however
(Thenccwhat is this? Just what is the memories inside meccc!?)
The surrounding scene was in flames. The scene of the city covered in flickering
flames popped up. A crater carved in the road. Human parts scattered around. Burnt
blood that did not have time to even flow. A young Origami looking up the sky.
That was exactly the experience Origami went through 5 years ago in the previous
world.
Origami felt a series urge to vomit and drowsiness at that hellish memory.
(Uu-ahccc..ahcc.)
A vivid sense of reality. Of course itfs real. Thatfs because the person that
experience that was none other than Origami herself.
(I-----canft go on anymore. Ic..no longercc)
(Thatfscc.notcc..)
Even though she was about to be crushed by the mixed emotions of sadness, anger
and deep hatred; Origami tried calling out to her.
However, another memory floated up to interrupt her.
The events of the previous world, which was unknown to her. The inversed view.
The darkness expanding in the sky. The destroyed city. She was about to scream
from those gruesome scenes.
That did not happen in this world. But that scene was definitely caused by Origami.
Origami felt her view distorting. It became hard to maintain her consciousness from
that hallucination as if her whole existence was being tainted with black.
---but, it was no use. If Origami loses consciousness here then, there will be no one
else to stop Origami.
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
251 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
She wonft tell her to stop worrying about it just because the event from 5 years ago
has been made to [Never happened].
She wonft tell her to forget about it just because that the grand disaster that occurred
in the previous world did not happen.
However, if Origami gives up everything here then, this world that has nothing
occurred in it will turn out like the Origamifs previous world.
She must have destroyed several cities. Many people probably died too.
If that really happened then, Origami will never return back to normal. That has to
be stopped no matter what.
But,
(uucccA-aah--------)
Origami finally fell to her knees from the torrents of heavy emotions pouring into
her, one after another.
Origami probably knows this too. The mistake that Origami committed does not
exist in this world. And the fact that she can change things in this world too. Thatfs
because just like how the memories of the previous world was shared with her,
Origami also has the memories of this world too.
However, even though she recognizes that, the emotion that there was no way that
she could live in this world, was rampaging inside Origami.
(Stcc..Stop me-----A-aaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhcccc!!)
Origami shouted.
---Origamifs voice was not enough.
The Origami of this world canft save the Origami of the previous world alone. The
most she could do was share the memories of this world to open Origamifs eyes.
Yes------Origami could not push Origamifs back.
In order to save Origami, someone from outside has to call out to her. Someone has
to take her hand.
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
252 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
But, just who would extend their hands out to Origami, who inversed and spread
despair into this world-------
g-----Origamic..!h
(cccccc!)
A voice suddenly echoed.
Origami lifted her face.
(Shi-doucc)
Yes. The voice that echoed in this empty world belongs to none other than Itsuka
Shidou.
*Creak* a crack opened in this white space.
(W-hy----)
Origamifs voice wonft reach Shidou. However, Shidou continued shouting. So that
he could call out to Origami.
gDonft take on everything alone! I told you 5 years ago right!? That, you arenft
alonecc.!h
(Ah----)
Origami recalled back the memories from 5 years ago from within her when she
heard Shidoufs words.
---I will take on your sadnesscc.! I will stop your angercc..! If you are in loss,
come to me! Use me if you face a hopeless situation! I wonft mind if you throw
everything at me! So, so-----
(A-aahcccc)
gWhatever you do----please donft feel despaircc..!h
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
253 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Shidoufs voice in her memories, and Shidoufs voice entering her ears, piled up.
Origami felt the crack formed around the space getting larger.
gNo matter how many times you destroy this world, I will definitely do something
about it! No matter how many times you fall into despair, I will definitely save
youc..!h
(I------)
gThatfs why, extend your hands! I----need you!h
g-----------g
The moment she heard those words-----
Origami felt her body move from another will that does not belong to her.
Right; now that she thinks about it.
Itfs quite similar to the weird feeling she felt during the date with Shidou today in
this world.
During that time, the memories of the Origami of the previous world unconsciously
moved the Origami of this world.
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
254 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
255 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
But, now.
On the other hand, the memories of the Origami of this world were the one that
made Origami extend her hands out to Shidou.
Itfs as if------Shefs telling Origami to live.
---the world with nothing inside, started breaking down while making noises.
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
256 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
257 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 7
g--------Shicccdouccch
A small light lighted, in the eyes of Origami who had the face of a corpse. Shidou
opened his eyes in reflex.
gcc.! Origami!!h
After Origami slowly moved her eyes to see her surroundings, she opened her
trembling lips.
gI----Icc.h
gcccccc.uuh
Shidou hugged Origami at her suppressed words.
Just like that day 5 years ago.
gShi-douccccch
Origami continued with a soft voice.
gThankcccc.you. Forccc..calling meh
gOrigami-------g
gIf Shidou wasnft here thenccc.an irreversible event might happen againh
Tears fall off Origamifs eyes and warmly moisten Shidoufs shoulders.
gThe fact that iccccckilled my father and mother, will not
disappearcccccthe crime that I killed the citizens of the city in the previous
world will alsoccc.never disappear.------even if it was made into something that
[Never happened]ccc.h
gccccuh thatfs------g
He couldnft say something simple like effffwrongfffff.
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
258 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Those were events that did not happen in this world. Most likely; no one
remembered those tragedies. ------those were events that [Never happened] thanks to
Shidou.
Shidou clenched his teeth before groaning out his words.
gcccc.Thatfs right. Thatfscccc..something you have to carry from now
onh
It was the cruelest announcement.
Shidou might not have the right to say such a thing. Even though it was to save many
lives, it was Shidoufs crime to change history by his own convenience.
However, Shidou could not fake his words. He felt that lying to himself to make it
sound beautiful would be a terrible insult to the Origamifs parent of the previous
world, the citizens of the city and also to Origami.
gcccI-iccccch
After Origamifs body trembled,
gccccAhyaaacccc.
AAaaaaaaaaccccc.Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaccccch
She clung onto Shidoufs body and started crying loudly.
Itfs like that day, 5 years ago.
The length of 5 years was just too long for a girl of 10 years old, and within those 5
years, Origami has been continuously disciplining herself.
Shidou talked with Origami many times until now. He also spent a long time with
her.
However, at this very moment---------Shidou felt that he finally got to see the face of
the real Origami.
---After who knows how long passed,
Origami quietly let out her voice while still clung onto Shidou.
gccccShidou, I have something I want to apologizeh
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
259 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gTo meccc..? What is it?h
Origami let go of Shidou when he asked and continued while looking at his face.
gThe emotionscc..i had for Shidou was definitely not------love nor
affectioncccat allh
gEh?h
gIcccc.just wanted something to rely oncccI just threw that role to you,
since you were coincidentally at the spot where I lost my parents. I just relied on you
just so that I can lie to myself about my weaknesscccc..Just for that selfish
emotion, I caused many problems for youccc..I apologize to you from the
bottom of my hearth
gcccccc.h
Shidou *Fuu* exhaled before lifting the side of his lips.
g-----Well thatfs an honorh
gEhccc.?h
Origami unexpectedly opened her eyes at Shidoufs reply.
gAt the very least, Iccccam glad that I met Origamic..thatfs how my heart
feels. Well, I do suffer some problems butccccif the reason why you rely on
me is because of that emotion then, I should be thankful for thath
gShidoucccc.h
Origami said it with a trembling voice. Tears ooze out from her eyes again.
After seeing her tears-----Shidou made a small nod.
gThatfs rightccI have to return it back to youh
gReturncc..back?h
Origami tilted her head in wonder at Shidoufs words. Shidou [Aah] replied.
gYour tears werenft the only things-----you left with meh
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
260 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gAh-----g
It seems that Origami remembered when she heard those words.
5 years ago on that day. Origami remembered the words she said. She remembered
the things she left with Shidou.
gErr, Ih
gOrigamih
When Shidou looked at Origamifs eyes and said that, Origami twitched her
shoulders for a moment before her cheeks blushed in embarrassment and------
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
261 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
262 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Making, an awkward but definite----smile.
Instantly-----
gccc..!h
After Origami opened her eyes in surprised, the black Astral Dress covering her
body released a blinding glow and turned pure white.
It was the original appearance of the Spirit-Origami, he saw in the previous world
At the same time, several [Wing] floating nearby turned into light particles and
disappeared.
gShidoucccIh
Her appearance when she was making a smile while wearing that wedding dress
Astral Dress,
Made her look like a real Angel.
g-----------g
Shidou gripped the hands supporting Origamifs shoulders and pulled Origami over
to him.
gEh------------?h
Origami let out an unexpected voice.
[This] was his final goal from the start. No matter how much he increases the
Spiritfs affection level; a Spiritfs Reiryoku wonft be sealed unless this action was
done.
However, Shidou might be the one that poured strength into his arms but; was it
because of his sense of duty to finish his mission?----Or was it because of his own
desire? He couldnft decide which was correct.
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
263 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Shidoufs lips piled on top Origamifs lips.
gcccc..!h
Although Origamifs body trembled for a moment, she entrusted her body to Shidou
and placed her body weight on him.
The moment she did that; the pure white Astral dress Origami was wearing left a
path of glitter before dissolving into the sky.
gThis isccc..h
Their lips separated and Origami widens her eyes at her Astral dress that
disappeared into light.
After she did that; the Spirits, who fought with the [Wing] descended behind her.
He slightly raised his hands to tell them that everything was over. Everyone then, let
out a exhale of relief.
gMucccc..h
Tohka slightly frowned her eyebrows when she saw a half-naked Origami leaning
against Shidou but, *Fuun* she snorted before folding her arms.
gFuuncc..oh whatever. This exception is only for today, Origamih
gHnnccc?h
Shidou made a wry smile at Tohka butccc..he immediately felt something off.
Tohkafs word patterns were not to a transfer student who just came to the class a few
days ago-----it felt more towards a rival that she has known for quite a while.
gTohka, youccc.remembered Origami?h
gMu? What weird thing are you sayingccccc.Nu, but yeah. I think I forgot
about her for a whileccc.h
Tohka tilted her head in wonder. The other Spirits also made the same expression.
gPerhapscccc.h
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
264 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
At that moment, shidou recalled the moment he sealed Kotori. The moment he
kissed Kotori, he recalled back the memories sealed by using the pass.
Therefs an invisible pass in between the sealed Spirits and Shidou even now. If thatfs
the case then, by sealing Origamifs Reiryoku, they might have shared the memories
of the past using the pass.
gccc..hahah
Shidou made a wry smile at the unforeseen present. For a moment; it would be
easier to build their relationship with Origami since everyone has no memories of
herccccc.this thought grazed his mind but, he swung his head and threw that
thought away.
With all that included-----itfs still Origami. Wellccc.the future looks tough
though.
When Shidou was thinking about that, Origami slowly turned her head and looked
towards the Spirits.
And,
g-----Thank you, Tohka, everyone. For fighting for meh
Origami said that.
gWha-----------!?h
gEhcccc..?h
gYou, what did you just say?h
gQuestion. Youfre not sane yet?h
gUuun, an honest Origami-san is cuteh
gOh my, this is rareh
Starting with Tohka; the Spirits (Except a few) looked shocked.
Butcccoddly enough, Shiodu was not surprised.
Thatfs because, the Origami over here has both the memories of the previous
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
265 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
world-----and this world too.
However, it might have been too unexpected for her. Tohka looked away in panic
and *Pui* faced aside.
gDo-donft misunderstand! Err, I was just, doing that! I just did it because Shidou
asked me to!h
Even though Tohka was worried about Origami too, she said it in a dishonest way.
But.
g-----I see. Then I wonft thank you. What a selfish Spirit. How uglyh
gWhacccc.!?h
Tohka brought her eyebrows closer at the words Origami said while opening half
her eyes.
gYou bastard, arenft your words different from just now!h
gThere is no differenceh
Origami looked away while Tohka shouted.
Shidou made a wry smile at that scene by reflex.
The future looks tough as expected.
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
266 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Epilogue: Tobiichi Origami
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
267 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
268 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 1
14th November. Shidou, who went to school, was sitting in his own seat while
staring at the classroomfs entrance.
Morning homeroom was about to start in 5 minutes. The door would sometimes
open and a classmate would come in.
gcccc, cccc.h
It was the time for school arrival now so, it was only normal for the door to open
frequently butcccccShidou continued looking regardless and did not even
moved an inch of his eyes.
The reason was simple. It has been 3 days since Origamifs Reiryoku was sealed at
the high ground park. Today was the day that Origami, who finished her
examinations, to finally appear in school.
The Spirits and the crew members starting with Kotori, were somewhat injured but
everyone was alive. They were handling an inverse Spirit with that much power. The
results could be said to be godsend.
---well, Kotori was unhappy from the start to the end because her prided <Fraxinus>
was messed up.
gUuunnccc.h
He canft calm down as expected. Shidou scratched his cheeks while sighing.
He knows that he doesnft need to be that nervous.
However after the seal, the place Origami was sent to by members dispatched by
<Ratatoskr> was not the heavily damaged <Fraxinus> but instead, she was sent to the
underground institute owned by the organization so, Shidou has not met Origami
even once after that.
Thatfs why, this would be the first time that he would be talking to Origami, who has
both memories of this world and memories of the previous world, but more
importantly------
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
269 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gccccc..h
Shidou quietly touched his lips.
Yes. Most of his worries were because of this.
Even though it was necessary to seal her Reiryoku, kissing right after being told
[My feelings towards you wasnft love] was something plain unthinkable. Origami
did not say anything at that spot but, Shidou felt very awkward there.
gShidou, Origami isnft here yet?h
Tohka looked towards the classroom door like Shidou while folding her arms but,
she suddenly raised her voice.
It seems that Shidoufs speculation was correct; the same time Origamifs Reiryoku
was sealed, the other Spirits gained their memories of the previous world as well
through the pass. Ever since that day, everyone recalled back Origami; starting with
Tohka.
Everyone knows about events that did not happened in [This world]. For some
reason, it felt a little weird.
No-----nonetheless, itfs good that everything went back to normal.
gTohkacccyoufre now finally able to call her with Origami huhh
Shidou held his face up with his hands and said that while relaxing his cheeks.
Tohka then opened her eyes wide before replying back in panic.
gMucc.i-itfs not that big of a deal. I just happen to do soh
She looked away while folding her arms after saying that.
Tohka always called Origami in her full name [Tobiichi Origami]. He doesnft know
what made her had a change of heart butccc.this did not make Shidou feel
uncomfortable.
g----Fumu, Origami isnft here yet I seeh
gConsent. We came too fast huhh
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
270 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
During the time Shidou and Tohka were talking, voices could be heard behind this
time.
When he looked over; he saw the Yamai sisters from next door and found out that
they were taking an unnecessarily cool pose.
gcc..Kaguya, Yuzuru. What is that pose. Rather, you girls are from 3rd group
right. What are you doing?h
After Shidou said that, Kaguya *Baa* placed her hands in front of her face and
looked over to him through the space between her fingers.
gKuku, I donft care. I heard that fool finished her examinations and is finally
coming back here. So, I am here for my payback for the previous worldh
After saying that, Kaguya *Kukuku* made an evil smile.
Now that he thinks back, they were badly beaten down by Origami in the previous
world when she turned into a Spirit. It seems that she is holding a
grudgeccccclooks like not everything about regaining the world of the
previous world was all good and well.
gccc.Yuzuru is here for revenge on Origami too?h
While making a wry smile at Kaguya, who was swinging her fingers and waiting
for Origami, Shidou looked towards Yuzurufs direction.
However, Yuzuru did the opposite by swinging her head.
gDeny. Yuzuru donft particularly mind. More importantly, I am happy that Master
Origami changed her thoughts on Spiritsh
gWaiccc.! Doesnft that make me a small person!?h
Kaguya shouted unbearably when she heard Yuzurufs words. Well, they were
probably here to welcome Origami, even though their words are different. While
looking at that small quarrel, Shidou *Fuu* exhaled and looked back at the class
room door.
gEven soccshe sure is late. Home room is about to----g
And.
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
271 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Shidou stopped his words right before he finished.
Thatfs because, the door opened and Origami entered inside.
gOrigami-----g
He opened his eyes wide for an instant when he saw her. However, it was only
natural. Origamifs hair which should be long, was cut down to shoulder length and
she completely returned to the appearance of the Origami Shidou knew.
Tohka and the Yamai sisters looked blank at Origamifs transformation too, but they
immediately regained their composure and talked.
gNuc..youfre here huh, Origami!h
gKuku, nice guts. Ifll acknowledge that courage of yours!h
Tohka and Kaguya welcomed Origami with a stance. However,
g---Good morning, everyoneh
Since Origami said that with a face showing no unpleasantness, Tohka and Kaguya
hesitated as if they were let-down. Only Yuzuru [Reply. Good morning, Master
Origami] replied back.
gOrigami, youcc..h
Shidou stopped his words right before he finished.
Those were not the words he should be saying now; re-think back.
Thatfs why Shidou said this.
Without any change of manner, he let out his usual voice.
gGood morning, Origamih
For a time; he said those words that he thought he would never say to her anymore.
Origami, nodded to Shidoufs words before slowly walking.
She then stopped right beside Shidoufs seat.
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
272 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gUnc..Good morningh
She looked into Shidoufs eyes once more and said that.
After seeing her face, Shidou was attacked with a weird feeling. Itfs true that her hair
turned short and her appearance reverted to the Origami of the previous world but;
maybe because she has the memories of this world or maybe she changed her
emotions to the Spirits-----the atmosphere of her expression felt a little soft.
The girls probably felt that too. They looked a little troubled on how to respond to
that.
Butcccc.they will probably get used to it immediately.
The girls and Origami are here.
The scenery he seen many times in the previous world caused Shidou to squeeze
tears out in reflex.
gMucc? Are you okay, Shidouh
Maybe she noticed Shidoufs condition; Tohka peeked into Shidoufs face and said
that.
gAh, noccnothingh
Shidou tried to play it off and was about to-------wipe his tears with the back of his
hands before *Hashi*, Origami grabbed his hands.
g-----Shidou. You can use this if you are going to wipe your tearsh
gA-ahccsorryh
After saying that, he extended his hands towards Origami. But, Origami was not
holding any handkerchief or towel.
gOrigami? What am Icc.h
In the next moment, his head was pulled over and Shidoufs view turned completely
dark.
gcccc!?h
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
273 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
A slight dampness touched his cheeks and next off; a smell of soap and sweat mixed
together touched his nostrils.
A beat later, Shidou understood that his head was shoved into Origamifs skirt.
guhcc.! Uhccc..!h
He gasped at the unexpected events and even though he tried to run away, Origami
would hold onto the back of his head and wonft let go. Rather, the more he
struggles, the harder his face gets pressed into Origamifs under stomach.
gHnnn! Hnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn!!h
gWha-what are you doing you bastard!h
Tohkafs panicked voice echoed and she made Origami let go of her hold. Shidou,
who finally returned to a brighter place, looked around while exhaling violently.
gHa-haaaccc., haaacch
gOrigami! What are you planning!h
gI was just wiping his tearsh
gDonft joke with me! Wh-where are you wiping with!h
After Tohka shouted, Origami pulled up her skirt without any hesitation.
gWhacc..!h
He gasped in reflex. But, Origami wasnft wearing any panties under her skirt;
instead, she was wearing a dark blue school swimsuit.
gExcellent water absorbenth
gcc..no, I donft mean that. Why are you wearing thatcc..itfs November already
and we have no pool class rightcc?h
gI thought Shidou wanted the continuation for that timeh
After saying that, Origami took out the dog ear headband, dog tail and also the
leather collar. Everyone in the class started whispering when they saw those
abnormal goods.
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
274 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gEhccc.Ah-re, what is Tobiichi-san doing?h
gWhat happened when she was restingcc?h
gSpeaking of which, my friend saw Itsuka-kun and Tobiichi-san walking
togetherccc..h
gSeriously, itfs the promising girl that went all the way up to the top of a girl that
you want as a lover on the first day she transferred you know!?h
gBut, it is Itsuka-kun after allh
gAh----g
Such conversations could be heard leaking around. Although he couldnft hear what
the others were talking about, dangerous words such as [imprisonment], [Force],
[Taming] were whispered.
Nonetheless, it was probably something that canft be helped. The spirits might have
recalled back the memories of the previous worlds but, this doesnft include his
classmates which do not have the pass. They only know about the serious Origami
before the weekends.
gE-err, Origami. There are many people around so, you shouldnft say that kind of
stuffcc.h
gNo need to worryh
After Origami said that, she thenccc..brought her body closer to Shidou.
gW-wwhac!h
gYo-you bastard!h
Tohka shouted the same time Shidou gasped. His classmates also turned noisy.
Within them, there were people pointing their cell phone camera to them.
However, Origami moved her lips in a very calm manner.
gItfs better to tell everyone about our relationship. Bad bugs wonft get attached to
you that wayh
gL-let go of Shidou!h
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
275 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
After Tohka shouted, Origami silently looked over there.
g----Itfs true that I stopped looking at Spirits as annihilation targets. However,
Tohka. I will not hand Shidou over to you. As long as you follow Shidou, it doesnft
change the fact that you are my enemyh
gThat is my line! Hurry up and let go of Shidou!h
Tohka *Buun**buun* swung her arms while shouting. But, Origami was still close
to Shidou with a cool face.
gE-errc..Tobiichi-san?h
Even though he was feeling the itching sights from his surroundings, Shidou let out
his voice softly.
There was one thingcccc.he just had to confirm with Origami.
gYes?h
gNo, if my memories are correctccccyou told me that the emotions you have
to me werenft love at that time rightccc..?h
Shidou said that with sweat flowing down his cheeks.
Origami then nodded.
gI said thath
gErrrc..then what is thish
She just told him that this was to show the attentions collected from their
surroundings on how close they are. This was no different from the previous
worldccc.instead, it kinds of feel slightly escalated.
Origami then looked straight up to Shidou.
gThe emotion I have been harboring to Shidou wasnft love, but instead it was
relianceh
gO-ouh
gThe real love starts nowh
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
276 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gccccch
Shidou felt a light dizziness when he heard Origamifs words. It was dependence not
love before. It felt as if a devil king made its announcement.
And when that commotion was occurring, the chime signifying the start of
homeroom rang.
Nice timing. Shidou pulled away from Origami before letting out a voice to tell
everyone.
gS-see! Homeroom is about to start! Tohka and Origami, get to your seat. Kaguya
and Yuzuru, get back to your classroom!h
gMu-muucc.h
gccccch
gFuuncccno choice. Ifll be back at break time!h
gRetreat. See you all later. Master Origami, letfs talk again laterh
Tohka and Origami lowered their weapon, and the Yamai sisters went back to the
3rd class, after they heard Shidou said that. Maybe they felt the end of the
conclusion; the surrounding classmates also started returning to their own
individual seats.
gHaaccc..h
Shidou let out a large sigh while looking Origami as if he was slipping into
congestion.
Yes. Since Origami appeared in a very unexpected way, he missed the timing to tell
her something.
gcc..Origamih
gYes?h
gErrrcccletfs see,------thank you for listening for my voice at that time. I am
happy you came back. How should I put thiscc..I feel relieved. That you are
attending the class normallyccccit might be hard to fully accept the Spirits but,
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
277 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
you can do it nicely since itfs you so, thatfs whyccc..Uuuunnnh
Even though he kept thinking about the scene for their reunion yesterday, he canft
put his words properly when it actually became reality. Shidou scratched his head
messily.
gcccaah, forget it. Ifll leave the annoying talk for later. Anyway----g
Shidou lifted his face and looked into Origami eyes.
g------Ifll be counting on you from now on, Origamih
Towards Shidoufs words.
g------unh
Origami replied with a smile.
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
278 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Afterword
How do you do. My favorite rewarded is Nenesu Totoru. Itfs Tachibana Koushi.
I present you [Date A Live 11 Tobiichi Devil]. How was it? I would be glad if it was
enjoyable.
Itfs a Devil, a devil. Itfs a 180 turn from the Volume 10-Tobiichi Angel. Which
means Origami has hell ears. I can only smell danger in this.
This is sudden but, who is that beauty on the cover page. Isnft she super cute. Isnft
that an angelic and yet devilish smile. I thought it was Origami but, her hair is just
too long for her. However, she looks exactly like Origami. I then came to a
conclusion. This is definitely that. Origamifs sister, Irogami-chan. I never would
have imagined that a topic in Volume 2 would collect over here. This is ever since
Rodriguez (Soukyuu no Karma Volume 1~8 in sale now).
Another possibility would be Origamifs daughter, Chiyogami. Shefs a beauty like
her mother. Or it might be the new character Origamifs cousin- Udagami-chan or
Origamifs second cousin-Kiraragami-chan or Koutakushi-chan who lived near
Origamifs old house or Kentagami-chan or Adzutematgami-chan[11F 1]. Nope.
Well jokes aside, itfs an impactful metamorphosis for Origami-san. It is definitely
that. Shidou must have said [Long hair girls are nice]. Origami might have gotten
the data even though Shidou did not say that. She then grew her hair long in one day.
Itfs Origami after all.
Leaving that aside, this volume is a little different.
Actually, I did the same thing once before but, the illustration page whenever I
follow my custom and open the volumefs illustrationscc.well, you know right?
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
279 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Tsukako-san done a wonderful job. If you havenft seen it yet, then hurry up and go.
And also, everyone might already know this but a movie adaptation for the main
project [Date A Live] has been decided! Waah *Clap**clap*.
Itfs a movie, a movie. This is amazing. Itfs Tohkafs debut in the silver screen. I
thought, if the Natsumi and Origami arc would get animated but, a movie adaptation
was totally unexpected.
Whatfs more; it isnft a summary but it seems that itfs going to be an original story. I
think there will be a follow-up soon, so look forward for it!
Well then, I am once again able to release a book thanks to the support of many
people.
The illustrator Tsunako-san, the eyepatch of an illustration is super cute. Also; the
supervisor, everyone in the editorial bureau, designer-san, the people related to
business and marketing, the book shop owners, and also the readers you have this
book in their hands; I thank you from the bottom of my heart.
It has been decided that next volume would be the collection of short stories [Date A
Live Encore 3] and after that, [Date A Live 12] will be released.
Okay then, I look forward to seeing you again.
2014 August Tachibana Koushi
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
280 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Translation Notes and References
Chapter 8:
1. ª Šˆ‚¯ì‚è-Sliced fish rearranged back into a fish
Chapter 9:
1. ª Playboy
Afterword
1. ª Thick mat paper
Back to Volume 10 Return to Main Page Forward to Volume 12
Date A Live Volume 11 "Tobiichi Devil"
281 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations