Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
1 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
2 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
3 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
4 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
5 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
6 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
7 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
8 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Prologue: The Girls' Tryst
The inside of Tenguu school area’s big exhibition hall was filled and overflowing
with young liveliness.
It was the Tenguu Joint Senior High School Festival, the festival which occurs once
a year. The surroundings were filled with various refreshment booths and display
items lined up. There were also many students with different school uniforms
calling customers with loud voices.
"Ufufu, hey------where should we go next?"
Inside that space condensed with youthful sweat and tears, Itsuka Shidou was
walking with a cute girl.
She looks like a graceful girl with her body wrapped in a navy blue sailor uniform.
Her long hair held with a single scrunchie. She has a beautiful face decorated with a
cheerful expression. She was properly wearing a knee skirt uniform, so even though
she has excellent proportions, none of them stood out.
But, by any case if she was given a factor of being most impressive in her existence
then…………..Shidou would most likely not choose the mentioned remark to his
throat.
The reason was because of her [Voice]. Even just by exchanging a conversation, if
he were to just lose focus for an instant, her beautiful voice, which when heard
could make one fall in love, would intermittently shake Shidou’s eardrums. It gives
an intoxicating feeling similar to that of [Hearing drugs]. She-----Izayoi Miku, was
the owner of a beautiful voice and if the times were better, she would probably be
either a vocalist or a professional storyteller that would be summoned to the royal
court.
"I am a little hungry. Would you like to eat anything?"
But that girl who owns such a beautiful voice, didn’t pay heed to that, and
nonchalantly made a smile while tilting her head. Shidou unintentionally made a wry
smile.
It was a happy 120% pure festival date scenery, that can make 90% of male high
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
9 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
school students go into their delusions. In reality, just now there were many
customers that came to the festival, looking at Shidou and Miku. An example for a
worst case would be, there were even some people taking their photos without
permission.
But……………the fact is that it was not done because of jealousy or envy, Shidou
somehow understood that.
The reason was very simple.
"……………Haaa"
Shidou made a deep sigh--------towards the high-pitched voice that leaked out from
his throat, he once again spilled out another sigh.
"What………am I doing"
With a voice that sounds like a girl's no matter how many times it was heard, he said
that.
Right now, the thing Shidou is wearing is totally different from what he usually
wears.
He had long hair that tickles his back, his face had been naturally touched-up with
gloss, mascara, blush and foundation. And covering his whole body was a dark blue
dress and an apron filled with many frills, it was the so-called maid-san style.
To put it in an even simpler way, right now Shidou looks like a girl no matter which
angle one looked from.
"Hey hey, Shiori-san. Do you like crepes----?"
Having no idea what was inside Shidou’s mind, Miku talked to him with a cheerful
voice.
After Shidou released a deep sigh once more, and as if to respond to her, he once
again released a girlish voice.
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
10 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
11 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Chapter 1: Incomprehensible Spirit
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
12 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
13 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 1
Summer break has ended and it became the 8th of September. There was an event
happening in the afternoon, which had still not escaped from the summer heat.
There was a bizarre atmosphere around the gymnasium of the Raizen high school.
"One year ago ……………we learned many things."
Itsuka Shidou's classmate, Yamabuki Ai, stood on stage while clenching her fist, and
squeezed her voice out to the mike.
Ai's best friends, Hazakura Mai and Fujibakama Mii were standing at both of her
sides, holding the Raizen high school flag up on her left and right. They had,
incidentally, took up an "At ease" posture of a bodyguard or an imperial guard from
somewhere... Together, with the bizarre vigor Ai put into her state, it was like
looking at a country's ruler about to declare war.
"The meaning of a bitter experience, the humiliation of a defeat…………the
cold feeling of the ground when made to grovel on the floor."
Ai said that with detest, swinging her fist, and nimbly raised her face.
"Well then, gentlemen. This pitiful army of defeated gentlemen. I want to ask all
of you. Are we still experiencing the feeling of bitterness? Are we still groveling
on the ground? Are we still stuck sunk in defeat……….!?"
*Dan!* Ai slammed her fist on the podium. The microphone's audio feedback
echoed around nearby.
"No! No way! Those guys have committed a grave mistake; they have given us
time to sharpen out fangs of revenge! Our dearest time of fulfillment has come!
Let there be glory to Raizen! Let there be honor to Raizen! With a strike with
all our strength, we will bite their throats to a thousand pieces!!"
At the same time Ai swung her fist upwards, as if responding to that-----
""OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOhhhhhhhhh!""
The students crowded in the gymnasium raised their voices all at once.
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
14 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
The gymnasium's glass windows shook slightly and the tremendous voices echoing
on top of each other shook his eardrums until they hurt.
"Haha………… They are so full of energy."
Itsuka Shidou cracked a wet smile while gazing at his classmate giving a speech up
on stage.
Nonetheless, it was not like he didn't understand the reason why they were so wildly
enthusiastic about it. That's becauseーーー
"Shidou, what on earth is Ai saying? Is she trying to start a war
somewhere……….?"
A doubtful voice echoed from his right side.
When Shidou turned to look where the voice had come from, he found Yatogami
Tohka standing beside him directing her attention at him.
She had night colored hair reaching her waist, and a pair of crystal eyes that stared
back at Shidou. She was a beautiful girl, beautiful enough to think it was not
something she was naturally born with.
Nonetheless, right now, her face was perplexed with a very bewildered expression.
Well, that's probably normal. If a person with no prior knowledge about the
situation saw that speech just now, then without a doubt the person would be
confused. No matter how much one looks at her, the current Ai looks like a war
hero or a lecturer giving her own seminar.
"It's because this month is the Tenou festival."
"Tenou festival? What's that?"
"Hnnーーー Well, an easy way to say it is that it's a super big school festival."
When Shidou said that, Tohka's eyes sparkled.
"School festival………………. Ooh! I've seen that before in the television. It's a
dream-like festival with food vendors lined up in the school!"
"Hnn. That's not wrong but……….."
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
15 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
"Ooh……… I see. We're going to do a school festival! That's, unn, I think it's
good!"
She said that, and after making an ecstatic expression for a while, she once again
twisted her head.
"Nu………………? So, why do we need this kind of meeting for the school
festival?"
"Aah, the Tenou festival is a little different from other school festivals. ーーーIt's a
combination school festival with the ten high schools inside Tenguu city."
"Ten schools…………. Combination?"
Tohka opened her eyes in surprised. Shidou [ahh] nodded.
Tenguu city, the place Shidou and the other are living in, was a reconstructed area of
the northern part of Kantou region, from the Tokyo metropolitan area which
suffered devastating damage by a south-east grand disaster 30 years ago.
Right now for sure, using it as a test city with state of the art technology, they
planned to make it suitable for humans to live in, but during the time they started the
reconstruction, probably thanks to the threat of a spacequake having not faded, there
was an unbalanced time where the number of citizens was very small, compared to
the completion of areas or institutions in the region.
It was at that time when the union festival, called the 'Tenou Festival', came in to
practice.
"Well to put it simply, since the number of schools and students was small at that
time, it would seem they planned to do it together to make it more exciting. That
continued even after the number of citizens increased."
Shidou made a wry smile while shrugging his shoulders.
At first it was a festival planned together by the schools in the underpopulated area,
but right now it's a great event held in the Tenguu square's giant exhibition hall, with
it being reserved for three whole days.
For Tenguu city, which presently seemed to have approved the festival that had
grown to such a big event; it couldn't just let the Tenou festival end.
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
16 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
In addition to the sensational nature of the event, and as a natural consequence of it
being covered by television, there are some economical reasons for this much
fanfare; It attracts tourists from outside the city and a considerable number of
middle school students, from both locally and among the many visiting tourists, will
be determining their High School of choice by the results of the Tenou Festival.
Even so, the event that was at first an idea beginning with famous schools joining
together and making the school festival livelier, started to gain a different meaning
because of the many schools joining in.
Which meant------
"This time! This year! This year for sure, our Raizen will obtain the Laurels of
Kings!"
Ai shouted from the stage. And the other students responded.
Yes. The Tenou festival has voting categories such as the stage division, exhibition
division, and refreshment booth division to pick the best school, and the school that
is deemed to be the best, will be crowned king for the year after this.
When the school is decorated with such a beautiful ideology, other than the existing
antagonism towards famous schools, it was obvious that the normally dormant
fighting spirit and school love inside everyone would be stirred up. The people that
normally show not even a speck of interest in soccer are now probably doing
something similar to swinging the Japan flag with the dream of going to the world
cup.
While Shidou was explaining the details to Tohka, he heard a voice coming from
behind him.
"Kuku…………..I see. I now know the reason why Ai and the others were so
excited!"
"Convinced. If that is the reason, then we can't lose."
When he looked over, there were two near identical girls standing there.
One of them had long braided hair and was a girl with unyielding spirit. She had a
characteristically delicate body that looked like it would break if hugged too tightly
and a proud expression befitting her.
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
17 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
The other was a girl with her hair braided into three strands. Having beautiful facial
features, decorated powerless half-opened eyes and model-like proportions made
her all the more alluring to Shidou's eyes.
"Kaguya, Yuzuru…………….why are you here?"
Yes, the ones over there were the Spirits that had their Reiryoku sealed by Shidou
during the month before the last---------they were the sisters Yamai Kaguya and
Yamai Yuzuru, who had transferred to 2nd Year class 3 located beside Shidou's class
since the beginning of the semester.
At first they had planned to be transferred to Group 4, which was the same as
Shidou's, but since unlike Tohka, who's mental state would become unstable if she
were to be separated from Shidou, both of their mental states were stable as long as
they were together. They therefore decided to be transferred to the neighboring
class.
Naturally since it was assembly time now, they were supposed to be lining up
following their own class separately. The Yamai sisters were also supposed to be
forming a line with Group 3 separately.
However, the reason was immediately discovered. The excited students repeatedly
chanting "Raizen" had made the line that formed to separate the classes completely
pointless.
"Fuu, nonetheless, as long as the Yamai sisters are here, Raizen's victory will not be
shaken."
"Agreed. Yuzuru and Kaguya's combination is the strongest. We are invincible to
any opponent that comes."
"Kuku, so that's the case? That's because, anything can be perfectly accomplished if
Yuzuru goes."
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
18 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
19 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
"Affirmative. And Kaguya who is more perfect than Yuzuru is there too. There is no
reason to lose."
"Iyaafufu………..Why you~, what~, it's itchy Yuzuru. Tsun Tsun."
"Smile. Kaguya too. Tsun Tsun."
Saying such things, they cracked a happy smile while poking each other's second
arm.
"…………haha."
Looking at both of them like that, Shidou cracked a powerless smile. After
displaying the happy relationship of a sweet couple that has been dating for about
one week, who on earth would believe that just around two months ago, these two
sisters dragged an entire region into their big fight?
After appearing and quickly starting to make a world of their own, Shidou shifted
his sights from the Yamai sisters back to Tohka.
When he did that, Tohka made a difficult moan before, *fumu* nodding.
"I see………..which means there will be a lot of food shops right?"
"………..aah, un, well, that's right."
When Shidou said that while smiling powerlessly, Tohka pat her chin while
*fun**fun* the breath coming out her nose becomes rough.
"Is that so, fumu, is that so……….fufu, I'm looking forward to it Shidou. How many
shops are there?"
"Uhn--, that's…………."
"Let me explain!"
Faster than Shidou replying back, this time a voice echoed from the front. Looking
over, his classmate Tonomachi Hiroto was, standing there while taking a
tokusatsu[6A 1] hero-like pose.
"Tonomachi, what's with the hurry?"
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
20 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
"I will appear before the voices of damsels in distress. You wanted to know what
kind of food stands there will be in the Tenou festival, right?" When Tonomachi
said that, Tohka's eyes opened wide in surprise.
"Ooh, do you know about it?"
"Of course! I investigated for Tohka-chan!"
After saying that, Tonomachi took out a memo book out from his pocket and
flipped through it.
"Inside this, the information of all the 10 schools participating in the Tenou festival
refreshment booth's is listed. All of the approximately 90 booths are in it!"
"Oooh!"
"Do you want me to tell you, Tohka-chan?"
"Umu, please tell me!"
"Then try begging for it!"
"I beg of you, Shidou's friend!"
She said that with a face that showed no care. There was not a speck of bad intention
coming from that expression.
Tonomachi probably anticipated that. After making a complicated face, *Kiii* he
shot a glance in Shidou's direction.
Shidou sighed, then whispered the name "Tonomachi Hiroto" into Tohka's ear.
"Oooh……………I see. I beg you, Tonomachi!"
Upon hearing Tohka say his name with such energy, Tonomachi's facial expression
lightened up.
"O, one more time!"
"I beg you, Tonomachi!"
"Using the last name!"
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
21 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
"I beg you, Hiroto!"
"Using a pet name filled with affection!"
"I beg you, Hiropon!"
It turned into a name that sounded like a dangerous medicine but Tonomachi seemed
to be satisfied by it. He twisted his body, as if overcome with emotion, and lowered
his sight towards the memo book.
"I can't refuse after being told like that! Let's see……..speaking of refreshment
booths, Eibunishi leaves excellent results every year. That's because their home
economics are strong. It's a whole different level compared to the cooking club.
Last year, the doner kebab stall was something thought of not as a school festival
level…………."
"Aah…………..I think something like that happened now that I think about it."
"It seems this year's main force is, [Meat War! The fastidiousness black minced
cutlet]. Using luxurious ingredients such as Hokkaido's Japanese black cattle or
Kago Island's black pig, and making it into a gem that doesn't need sauce."
"Wha,what………….."
Tohka said that while shaking both her hands. Her eyes were glittering, and drool
was flowing out from her mouth.
"The next thing is……….well probably it's associated with Senjou university. Those
guys can use the escalator directly to university level because they are affiliated with
the school, and have only until 3rd year to stand out."
"Fuun…………so the favorites are probably around that area."
When he said that, Tonomachi *Tsk**Tsk wagged his finger.
"What are you saying. Did you forget? The king, The Rindouji Academy for Girls."
"Ah---…….."
Shidou scratched his cheeks. Now that he thought about it, he really had forgotten
about it.--------Last year's winning school.
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
22 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
"This year too, they are getting everything done perfectly………………Their selfawareness
as the city's most beautiful girls is nasty. The taste and ingredients are
first-class, but more than that, they get votes by courteously serving the customers.
The refreshment booth they had last year was seriously just handing them money in
a contact level similar to a handshake event level. I can't remember how many times
I lined up there."
"Don't just go lining up seriously."
When Shidou glared at Tonomachi, he then *cough* cleared his throat.
"We,well anyways, they are extremely scary Ojou-samas. Also, what's more--------
one more thing happened in Rindouji this year, a suspicious rumor."
"Rumor?"
When Shidou tilted his head, Tonomachi [aah] replied.
"Remember, didn't it make news at the beginning of April? That a student
transferred to Rindouji."
"April……….huh~"
Shidou furrowed his eyebrows as if to search his memories once more
but……….he couldn't remember anything. Rather, speaking of April, his head was
filled with the matter with Tohka. He didn't have the pleasure to care about anything
else.
"You're serious? Don't you remember? It's Miku-tan you know, Miku-tan?"
"……..…….Who's that?"
Shidou honestly said that, not remembering anything.
Still, it seems that reply was something completely unbelievable to Tonomachi.
After making a shocked face, he then changed his expression and suddenly.
*PAChiiin!* Tonomachi pulled Shidou's cheeks.
"Wha,what was that for, all of a sudden?!"
"That's my line! You bastard, I won't let you say you don't know the mysterious
Izayoi Miku-tan!? Aah? Is it that? Is it that, "I have no interest in the idol everyone is
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
23 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
*kya**kya* talking about?" Is it the typical cool character appeal?"
"It can't be helped even if you say that right! It's normal for someone to not know
who---------------"
"Doesn't exist! Doesn't~~ Exist~~!! At the very least, the people inside our
generation, there's no one other than stupid Itsuka-kun that doesn't know about the
super national idol Miku-tan!"
"You said it!? Then what are you going to do if someone in our generation didn't
know about Miku-tan?!"
"Hah, the day that happens, I'll kneel down on the ground and eat spaghetti with my
ass!!"
"Are you serious!?"
"YEAH!"
"Hey Tohka, do you know who Izayoi Miku is?"
"That's cheating; Itsuka you bastard!?"
The moment Shidou tried asking Tohka, Tonomachi clung onto Shidou's shoulders.
But, it seemed like that was unnecessary. Not only was Tohka completely unaware of
their quarreling--------
"Umuu…….."
While making a dazed out face, she was holding out both her hands as if she was
holding onto something. Then after opening her mouth wide and *pakun* eating
empty space, she then *chew**chew* start chewing before making an ecstatic
expression.
It was an impossible air minced cutlet. Because she made such a realistic posture,
even Shidou and the others could see the shadow of the delicious looking minced
cutlet.
"……….Oii~, Tohka?"
When he poked her shoulders while saying that, Tohka immediately twitched her
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
24 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
body and wiped off her drool.
"Nu, What's wrong Shidou?"
"Hnn, nothing……………"
When he was told that with those carefree eyes, he somehow didn't feel like
finishing his sentence. At the edge of his view, he saw Tonomachi *Houu* patting
on his chest.
"But…………….I see. That's very nice. Hey Shidou, let's go eating on that day!"
A smile floated on Tohka's whole face while she stuck her right hand's pinky finger
up.
"Hnn?"
"Reine taught me this! It seems it's called pinky swear"
"Aaah…………I see."
After Shidou scratched his head, he stood his pinky up like her. For the first time,
starting with Tonomachi, Shidou's whole body was getting pierced by stares coming
from the few guys around them.
"Okay, then---------"
In that moment Tohka, moved her right hand closer to Shidou's.
When he thought a fast human shadow flew out from the crowd, she gently
entangled her pinky finger with Shidou's, and at the same time, someone had
grabbed Tohka's pinky finger and twisted her finger joints.
"GuGyaa!"
Tohka jumped up, and pulled her right hand back in panic.
"O………..Origami!?"
Shidou opened his eyes in surprise, and called the name of the intruder that appeared
in between them.
Having silky hair that tickled the tip of her shoulders, and a shape like a doll------
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
25 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
her face also held no expression like a doll. That was unmistakably Shidou's
classmate and Tohka's natural enemy; Tobiichi Origami.
"Pinky swear, if you lie then you will have to drink sleeping medicine in my room."
Origami spoke with a rhythm-less voice, then swung the hand that was connected to
her pinky finger.
"Why is it sleeping medicine instead of 1000 needles!? What on earth are you
planning to do!?"
"If it's a boy then Takashi, if it's a girl then Chiyogami."
"What were you seriously planning to do!?"
While Shidou continued shouting, Tohka lifted her face and glared at Origami
sharply.
"Yo, you bastard! What were you trying to do!"
"This has nothing to do with you. On the day of Tenou festival, Shidou and I
promised that we would go around the booths together."
"Wha,what did you say!? Don't screw with me! That promise is mine!"
When Tohka shouted, Origami *Fusu* made a breath out of her nose like she won
and jerked her chin to show her pinky finger wrapped around Shidou's. Incidentally,
his finger was being held by Origami's pinky with monstrous strength, and it looked
like it wouldn't be easy to unfasten.
"Guh, le,let go you bastard!"
Tohka frowned her face and grabbed Shidou and Origami's wrist to pull them apart.
But,
"When these fingers separate, it would mean [A pinky swear]-------signifying the
completion of the promise."
"Wha………..! Don't let go! You can't let go!"
After Origami said that while remaining emotionless, she made a small nod.
"U,umu. If you do that then the promise will not complete. So with this………….."
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
26 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Tohka made a relief sigh and patted herself on her chest-------and immediately
[Hnn?] wrinkles formed between her eyebrows.
"Wait a second! If that's the case, then it means you can't let go of Shidou!"
"That is inevitable. It's something that can't be helped."
"!? Yo, you bastard, you tricked me!?"
Shocked, Tohka said that with full detest.
"Oi, you two……………."
Shidou twitched his cheeks while slowly losing feeling in his pinky finger wrist.
And at that moment, there was a slight change in the gymnasium that was covered
with wild enthusiasm.
""Silence, gentleman. I have properly received all of your feelings.--------so with
that, I have one wish""
After saying that, Ai took the mike and continued.
""My beloved brethren, a small number of friends under Student Council
President Kirisaki have fallen half-way in good-will. So, I want to invite
comrades that are willing to succeed the President's and the gang's ideals. If
there is such a person, name yourself!""
The students started getting noisy. Probably no one even understood the meaning of
what they were just told.
Not long after, a student standing in front raised up her hand.
"Errr, what do you mean by that?"
After Ai scratched her head, she continued as if she forgotten the act she was going
on until now.
""Unnnn………well put in simply, since Prez and the gang collapsed because of
the stress and work load, we have no choice but to choose a substitute. Is there
anyone willing to be in the executive committee for the Tenou festival?""
In that instant------
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
27 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
The students who were making voices loud enough to cause an earthquake were
now completely quiet.
They were probably thinking this is bad, Ai made a gesture while a fellow entered
and help.
""No well, even if we said this, most of the work has been done you know? It's
true, it's true. All you have to do is sit down during the meeting! It's seriously a
super cozy committee meeting! It's connected to the skill up so!""
For some reason, the phrases in the second half turned into an invitation for a parttime
recruitment for a black organization.
The spirits of the students that were going wild just now, suddenly turned cold. In
order not to make eye contact with Ai, everyone started averting their sights.
But Shidou didn't have the pleasure to notice the change of atmosphere in the
gymnasium.
"I get it!"
After Tohka opened her mouth after she thought of something, the opposite side of
Origami------she intertwined her pinky finger with Shidou's left hand's pinky finger.
"How about this!? With this, it's a tie!"
"A pinky swear done with the left hand signifies the end of a relationship; it shows
that you don't want to be associated with that person anymore."
"Wh, wha………….!?"
Tohka let out a horrified voice, and after alternately looking at Shidou's face and
their connected fingers, she made a face as if she was going to cry any moment.
"Shi,Shidou! I-it's wrong, I didn't mean to………..!"
"…………..No, I've never heard that before."
When Shidou said that, Tohka immediately opened her eyes in wonder and-----------
"Da, damn you, you bastard! Not once but twice!"
She shouted like that and pulled Shidou's pinky finger. Origami not wanting to lose,
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
28 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
pulled Shidou towards herself by only using the fulcrum of her pinky finger.
"Oucoucoucoucoucoucoucouch! St,stop!"
If this was the child fight of Ouka Echizen, then it should be about time when one of
them let go of their hands but in reality, it wasn't that kind of fight. Both of them put
more energy into it.---
"Kuku……………. You people, what are you doing on your own accord after
leaving us out? In such a pleasant festival like this, wasn't it already decided Shidou
was going to indulge in such a pleasure with us?"
"Warning. Shidou is Yuzuru and Kaguya's shared property. It is not exempted even
to Master Origami. In case one wants to borrow him, please apply and compile the
documents at the very least one week before the date."
The Yamai sisters who were flirting around joined in the commotion and barged
into the conversation. Since Shidou couldn't move, both of them snuggled in from
the front and back.
"Un, unu! Kaguya and Yuzuru, even you two as well!"
"…………., If you two don't want to die, you should go away."
Putting more strength into it, both his hands were pulled.
"Gyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!?"
"Why you………..! Isn't Shidou getting hurt?! Let go already!"
"That is my line. You should release him as fast as possible."
"Kuku, you two can continue your unproductive fighting."
"Consent. In that time, Yuzuru and Kaguya will have him."
What's more, the worst thing happened, since their surroundings turned unusually
quiet just now, there was a lot of attention accumulating. Starting with Tonomachi,
the male students were *grind**grind* grinding their teeth while shooting sharp
stares, while the female students started *chatter**chatter* talking.
And, when Shidou thought Tonomachi turned his body around after glaring at him
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
29 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
enviously, he raised his hands high up while shouting out in an unexpectedly loud
voice.
"Chairman!"
""Yes, Tonomachi-kun?""
"I nominate Itsuka Shidou-kun as the Tenou festival executive member!"
"Wha…….?!"
Shidou opened his eyes wide at his friend's sudden betrayal.
"Ton, Tonomachi you bastard! What are you sayi……….oucoucoucouch!?"
He voiced his objection but he was interrupted because of the strong winch coming
from his left and right hands.
At the same time, the guys who were approved by Tonomachi started raising their
voices one after another.
"Agreed! I'm counting on you, Itsuka-kun!"
"Agreed! Itsuka is the only one we can entrust our will with!"
"Agreed! Get worked to death and sent to the hospital, damn it!"
"Oi the last guy, your real motive came out!?"
Even when he shouted, the male student who showed no sympathy to Shidou didn't
take back the last part. Incidentally, as if riding on, the girls send an Itsuka call
together.
""Silence!""
And as if to stop all of that, Ai's voice echoed from the stage.
In an instant, he thought Ai was just calming everyone down, but………..as
expected, that kind of thoughts was too naive.
""I have properly obtained everyone's voices! 2nd Year Group 4 Itsuka Shidoukun,
due to the large number of people who have agreed with the nomination,
you will be appointed as the Tenou festival executive committee!""
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
30 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
"Wai………!"
""OOooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooohh!""
Shidou's voice was swallowed by the large cheer that shook the gymnasium.
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
31 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
32 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 2
In the suite room of the top floor in the Imperial hotel located at the west side of
Tenguu city, Isaac Westcott sat down while sighing. He raised his chin while slightly
flicking the tip of his dark ash blonde hair, and further narrowed his eyes which
looked like sharpened blades.
Right now, the thing that Westcott was looking at was a bundle of documents bound
together with a clip. He distorted the side of his lips while shifting his sights to his
left.
"-------I see. Not only the AAA rank Spirit <Princess> but also a boy who can use the
Spirit's power. Those two going to the same school, is certainly quite interesting."
"Yes."
The one that was on hold there was, the girl that created those documents.
Ellen M Mathers: DEM industries prided, humanity's strongest Wizard.
"What's more, <Ratatoskr>'s airship appeared at that spot."
<Ratatoskr>. That name had a deep connection with Westcott and Ellen.
Using peaceful means to contain the spacequake outbreak, and providing protection
to the main cause; the Spirits. It was an organization that held the ideal that spat out
random words that could only be spat out while drinking sake[6A 2].
Westcott couldn't hold back his smile and placed his hands on his mouth.
"Kuku, I wonder why, I am a little happy. --------Those greenhorns, to think they
outwitted me."
"I wonder if that is so. I can only feel discomfort."
Ellen replied without leaving any gap in between. Finding Ellen quite weird,
Westcott used the hand that was placed on his mouth, and covered his face before
laughing.
Probably not satisfied with Westcott's reaction, Ellen did not change her expression,
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
33 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
and looked at Westcott with a slightly stern expression. After Westcott swung his
hand around as if to apologize, he talked.
"So, how is that side going?"
"Smoothly. Ten personnel under Adeptus 3 have been assigned to the executive team
starting today."
"Enough."
He nodded, satisfied. In order for this to be forced through, several bribes would be
needed, but-------------well that was probably trivial.
It's true, establishing a new system or organization was the better and efficient way
to move his Wizards around. But it required a large sum of funds as well as time. In
order to use military weapons in public, this was the most reliable and quickest way
to do it.
"Itsuka-------Shidou."
He lowered his sights at the documents once more and read out the name written on
it.
At that moment, Westcott exaggeratedly shrugged his shoulders.
"But so, the most important photo is not here. This is unlike you."
Yes. There were several pictures of Yatogami Tohka taken from a distance attached
on the documents, but there was none for this boy.
"I didn't think any other document other than the Spirit was needed. I will get it ready
immediately."
"No, it's okay.------instead, I want to meet the real him soon."
When he said that, Ellen made a small sigh.
"Understood. Without fail."
"Aah, I'm expecting it."
After Westcott said that, he threw the documents onto the table and stood up from the
sofa.
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
34 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
"------Oh yeah, one more thing."
He then slowly walked over to Ellen, and placed his hands on her shoulders.
"If <Ratatoskr> is involved with them…………..then don't you think we should give
them a grand welcome?"
"A welcome?"
"Aah, that's correct. A big welcome grand enough to give those arrogant pacifists a
good punch in the head and a wake up call."
After saying that, Westcott leaked out a chuckle.
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
35 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
36 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 3
It was 17:30 and the sun had completely set. Shidou was walking on the dim road
completely exhausted.
"I-I'm tired……….."
In the end after that Shidou, unable to oppose some of the mayhem, was officially
appointed as the Tenou Festival's executive committee and halfway through was
forced to take over the work.
Starting from choosing the set-up for the booths, because after dividing and
distributing the budget to each matters, he also had to cram all types of other
information together in one go. Thanks to all that, his mental exhaustion was much
more serious than his physical fatigue. I see, if someone were to deal with this
amount of information, it's no wonder their stomach would hurt. It's quite amazing
Ai Mai Mii were still going on filled with energy.
While swinging his grocery bag on his left and his school bag on his right hand, he
walked normally on the road.
Today rather than the super market, he finished his shopping in the nearby south
shopping district. At first he didn't want to go to the super market because he was
tired but, putting it in words…………..
("It's almost the Tenou Festival season, I am counting on you this year too you
know---? Here, take these green peppers with you.")
("The ground meat is off by a few grams too much? Haha, just eat a lot and refill
your energy completely.")
("This? Take it. It's okay, it's okay. Here, give it to the girl that you always come
with.")
Just like that, he was given stuff from people he knew from all directions.
Since people start to accumulate inside the city when it's the Tenou Festival, the
nearby shopping districts started getting lively. In reality, it seems it was the time to
earn profit after the New Years.
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
37 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
While looking at the colorful posters of the Tenou Festival pasted lined up on the
walls of the street, he cracked a small smile. Just having this profitable week, the
Tenou Festival contributed greatly to the Itsuka family's finance.
"……………Hn?"
And, at that point Shidou stopped his legs.
In front of Shidou-------------on top of the street being shine at by a streetlight, he
saw a small human shape there.
Putting on a straw hat with wide visors, and wrapped in a lightly colored one piece,
there was a petite girl. Having beautiful blue eyes and the rabbit puppet worn on her
left hand left an impression. It would seem she was looking at the poster pasted on
the wall. With complete interest, she opened her big eyes even wider.
"Yoshino?"
"…………….!"
When he called her name, the girl----------Yoshino twitched her shoulders in
surprise and turned her sights towards Shidou.
"Ah……….Shidou, san."
"Oooh, Found ya~"
After Yoshino said that with a soft voice, the puppet on her hand [Yoshinon] spoke
in a high-pitched voice.
"What's wrong? Why are you in a place like this? It's already this dark…………"
"Ah,err…………..I, went to Shidou-san's house just now, but…………….Shidou-san
was late and Kotori-san was getting worried……….so………….."
It seemed she had came to check up on his condition. Shidou scratched his head.
"I see. But it's already this dark. The two of you coming out alone isn't a good idea."
When Shidou said that, Yoshino shrugged her shoulders apologetically.
"Ah, auuu……………"
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
38 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
"Don't get angry please~. Yoshino didn't have any bad intentions~. She was
worried about Shidou-kun you know~~."
"I get it. Thank you, Yoshino."
"Y,yes….!"
After saying that, Yoshino made a big nod. Probably because of the big straw hat,
Shidou could not see her face from the position he was at.
"You haven't had dinner yet right? It's going to be quite late so, come over and eat."
"Yes…………thank you very much. And, err, there is one thing I want to ask
but…………."
Yoshino then slowly used her right hand's index finger, and pointed it towards the
poster she was looking at just now.
"This is……..what………"
"Hnn? It's the Tenou Festival."
After Shidou made a small nod, he then gave a simple explanation of the Tenou
festival similar to the one he talked with Tohka.
When he did that, Yoshino groaned in a somewhat interested manner.
"Is there……………something like that………."
"Haa~ It looks fun~"
"Aah, it's fun. If it's alright, why don't Yoshino and Yoshinon come too?"
When he said that, Yoshino opened her eyes wide as if she was surprised.
"!, I-is that………okay………..?"
"Of course. Since my school is also displaying a lot of things, come over and play."
"AaRaa~~ Good for you, Yoshino."
"U,un………….!"
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
39 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
[Yoshinon] poked Yoshino's cheek. And Yoshino consented happily.
He doesn't feel bad after being shown such happiness. Shidou somehow in a bright
feeling, headed on home with Yoshino together.
"-------I'm back."
Since both of his hands were occupied, he had Yoshino open the door and raised his
voice towards the deep part of the hallway.
He then placed the luggage on the doorway and after taking off his shoes,
*BATAN!* the living room was burst opened and a young girl with a black ribbons
tying her hair flew towards him. And then,
"You're Laaaaaaaaaaateeeeeeeeee!"
At the same time with her raising a shout, she magnificently gave a flying kick
towards Shidou's stomach.
"Ugaah……………..!?"
From the sudden attack, he fell right on to his butt. After he stood up while rubbing
his stomach which held a dull pain, his sister was standing there making a daunting
pose while holding an unhappy expression.
"Fuun………. Ugaah you say. Why don't you go do karaoke?"
"Wha,what's with you, suddenly…………."
"………….That's my line. Why are you so late? Not even one phone call back."
Shidou scratched his cheeks. It's true he was late, but it was still after 8pm.
"I'm sorry. I was suddenly made the executive committee for the festival."
"Executive committee."
When Kotori heard what Shidou said, for some reason, she made a sigh.
"………………..It's not like your health turned bad, or something like that right?"
"eh?"
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
40 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
"…………Nothing. ---------More importantly, what's the idea calling Yoshino to
bring yourself back. It's already this dark"
"No, that's…………"
He tried to object but……………he stopped his words.
"Hnn, I guess so, sorry. I'll be careful from now on"
"Ah…………er,err, Kotori-san, Shidou-san is…………….."
"It's okay."
Shidou stopped Yoshino who was trying to defend him. For some reason, after
looking at that, Kotori distorted her face unhappily further more.
*Fun*She then rang her nose and walked towards the living room.
Until they were unable to see her back, Yoshino lowered her head apologetically.
"I'm very sorry……………because of me………."
"Don't mind it."
After muttering that, Shidou made a nod. Taking today as a good example, speaking
of which, last month around the time Shidou came back from the school trip, Kotori
was kind of strange.
It was not like she was different from usual but, when Shidou turns sluggish, for
some reason she gets oddly un-calm.
After Shidou scratched his head and stood up from that spot, he grabbed the
groceries and walked to the living room. Yoshino followed after him.
At that moment, he noticed the door of the living room was slightly opened.
Coming from that gap, there was an eye peeping out releasing a stare. ------It was
Kotori who was supposed to have left after going deep inside the room.
"Wha, what. Is there something more?"
When Shidou said that, coming from the door *korokorokoro*……………..he
heard the cute sound of a stomach growling.
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
41 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
"…………………"
Kotori's cheeks blushed. After Shidou lowered his bag, *sigh* he exhaled before
loosening his expression.
"Is there something particular you want to eat?"
"…………hamburger."
"Now………….?"
It was a menu that requires quite some time. Shidou confirmed the current time on
his phone clock.
When he did that, on the screen, he found Kotori's missed calls being displayed on
it. ……………….it would seem, she was quite worried about him.
"…………………."
After Shidou put away his phone, he swung his shoulders around while walking
towards the living room.
"It's going to take some time alright?"
"………………hn."
With a stern expression, Kotori went inside the living room and dived onto the sofa.
When he brought his eyes towards there, he found out there was someone else
inside the living room other than Kotori. Tohka who finished changing her clothes
at the mansion next door was holding a game controller in front of the television.
Shidou did not hear her say she would wait for him until the executive meeting
ended, but as expected since it had become late, she went on ahead and returned
home before him.
"Ooh Shidou, welcome home! Rather, Kotori! Hurry up and help me!"
Tohka shouted while moving her body left and right matching the screen. But
Kotori buried her face on the cushion and let out a mumbling voice.
"Hnn…………..Yoshino, please."
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
42 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
"Eh,eeh……………?"
Yoshino who was suddenly appointed as her successor, ran towards Tohka's side in
panic.
"Eh, errr………..this, what should I……….."
"If you go ZUGAAT then PIIT then it will BAAN! Over there!"
"Er, err………..that……."
"Well, getting used to it is better than learning. Yoshinon will be in charge of
the left while I leave the right to Yoshino okay~~"
"I-I understand……….."
Yoshino and [Yoshinon] grabbed the controller at the same time and joined the
game.
"………..haha."
After looking at that, Shidou randomly just threw his bag and then finished off
washing his hands and rinsing his mouth before reaching towards the apron being
hanged on the back chair.
And, by the time he started peeling the skin of the onion off, Kotori who was lying
on the sofa suddenly raised her face and talked to him.
"………………nee, Shidou. Is there really nothing?"
"Hnn? What, are you worried about me?"
"Y,you're wrong! Yeah…………..it's Tohka, Tohka! It will be big trouble if Tohka's
mental state collapses if anything happens to Shidou! That's why I am saying you
have to properly maintain your health!"
"Yeah yeah."
When Shidou said that while laughing, Kotori raised her body and set her sights to
him with a sullen angered expression.
Tohka who noticed her name being called, [What!?] raised her voice, but it would
seems that the boss character appeared at that moment. She then immediately
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
43 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
returned back to the game.
Kotori made a sigh and laid her body on the back of the sofa. She then continued
talking in a volume where Tohka and Yoshino could not hear.
"……………….but, seriously be careful. It has become quite a troublesome
situation."
"A troublesome situation?"
When he asked that, Kotori [eh] nodded.
"There is quite many but…………well for the time being it's <Phantom>."
"<Phantom>…………..? What's that. A spirit's code-name?"
"Five years ago, it's the [something] that appeared in front of us. It's quite
inconvenient using [something] every time. We gave it a convenient code-name in
the last meeting."
"Aah…………err."
5 years ago. Giving Kotori spirit powers and sealing Shidou and Kotori's
memories. Even not knowing if it's a spirit or not------ an unknown existence.
It's true that existence is a problem. Furthermore even now, its image or motive is
completely shrouded in mystery.
"And one more thing--------it's that company."
"DEM company…………….right?"
When Shidou said that, he saw Kotori lowering her head to the front.
It was a matter that happened last month. Shidou who was having his school trip on a
certain island encountered the two-team spirits Yamai Kaguya and Yamai Yuzuru.
During that occasion, he also met the wizard Ellen M Mathers, robotic dolls that can
use CR-units, and, what's more, they were also attacked by a giant Airship.
The culprit was DEM------DEUS EX MACHINA industries.
It was a company that advances in various fields but, following its roots, it seems it
rapidly grew from a defense industry. It was not open to the public, but it would
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
44 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
seem the one's manufacturing the Realizer for the JSDF's AST to use was also the
DEM Company.
"But………………somehow I don't feel the reality of it even now. For that DEM
company to do something like……………."
"Don't sleep talk. If those fellows have such ethics then Mana wouldn't be-----------"
"Eh?"
Hearing Kotori words, Shidou twitched his eyebrows.
"Mana……………? Did something happen to Mana?"
That name. Someone that appeared in front of them before. It was the girl that
announced herself as Shidou's real sister, but she was injured and suffered terrible
wounds from a fight with a spirit and was supposed to be receiving treatment in the
hospital.
After Kotori made a [Oh no] face, she shut her lips tightly and looked away.
"O, Oi, what do you mean. What happened to Mana…………"
As expected, he couldn't just ignore that. He placed the onion that was on his hands
on the table and removed the apron while walking towards the living room after
walking around the dining table.
But, the moment Shidou stood in front of Kotori--------
UUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU--
------------
"……………! Wha------"
The living room's big window slightly shook and the spacequake alarm inside the
city rang.
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
45 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
In an instant, Kotori stood up straight, turned her skirt around and slipped through
under Shidou's armpit.
"O-o-oi! I haven't finished talking yet------"
"Will you do that later? Shidou get ready. ---------it's time for work."
After saying it like that, Kotori took one Chupa chaps from the candy holder
equipped inside her skirt that looks like a leg holster, unwrapped it and shove it into
her mouth.
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
46 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
47 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 4
Going a little back in time, inside the Tenguu JSDF garrison.
"------Master sergeant Tobiichi Origami. You are hereby released from the imposed
house arrest. We will have you return to AST common tasks as well as training."
"Roger."
Hearing those words given by a superior in a room of the base, Origami replied
back with a salute.
Yes. Since Origami committed a grave deplorable act back in April, during this
whole time she was banned from using the Realizer as well as joining activities
inside the JSDF.
Naturally she would be lacking basic training but, since she can't use the Realizer,
there is no way she can join the Spirit countering trainings. Origami had been going
through around 2 months while grinding her teeth filled with the feeling of being
powerless and impatient.
Nonetheless, if she thought about the original situation where receiving a criminal
punishment rather than a disciplinary discharge was not strange, just to be able to
once again join the team was something like a miracle.
"There won't be a next time. If there is a repeat case like this, then bear in mind the
fact that you will never return back onto the team."
"Understood."
And, when Origami replied with those short words, the room door opened without
getting knocked on.
"…………..?"
Origami turned her head around, and confirmed the culprit before doubtfully
raising her eyebrows.
"…………….Captain Kusakabe?"
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
48 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Yes. The person that entered the room excessively excited was the AST captain that
keeps talking about courtesy and budget, Kusakabe Ryouko.
But completely opposite to what Origami's thoughts were, after Ryouko walked
heavily further inside while pissed, she then slammed the bundle of documents that
was in her hands onto the superior officer's table.
"What do you mean by this!"
"Wha,what on earth, is it…………….."
Tsukamoto Sansa was also pressured by Ryouko's threatening attitude, and his body
reacted without asking her to watch her manners.
"What happened?"
When she asked that, Ryouko finally noticed Origami's existence.
"Aah………..Origami. Speaking of which, today was your team reestablishment. ----
---Good timing. What do you think about this?"
After saying that, she gave her the bundle of documents that was slammed onto the
table to her. Origami lowered her sights towards the page.
"This is………"
Towards the unbelievable content written on it, she slightly brought her eyebrow
roots together.
"This organizing is too much! 10 members from foreign countries……………and
what's more that independent team is granted special discretion during unusual
circumstances……….!? What on earth is the higher ups thinking!"
After saying that, Ryouko once again *BAM* slammed the table. Tsukamoto Sansa
*twitch* shook his shoulder in shock.
The thing written on that document was information regarding the new AST
members.
That itself isn't much of a problem.
But, the number of new AST members added was more than 10------what's more all
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
49 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
of them are members transferred from DEM industries. Adding to the fact that all of
the members were foreigners, then it's a different case.
On top of that, they have the authority to free themselves from Ryouko's direct
commands when deemed necessary. This is the equivalent of buying stocks and then
subsequently losing control of them due to the company's actions.
"The AST isn't a baseball team right!? There shouldn't be any foreigners able to join
the team right!? On top of that, I think there is some problem with giving them these
authorities!"
"Tha,That is…………."
Sakamoto faltered. After Ryouko scratched her head in irritation, and [I don't want
to talk with you anymore] turned around.
But, at that moment, the room door once again opened, albeit slowly this time.
And then--------- around 10 foreigners entered the room one after another.
"----Ara?"
And thus, probably after looking at Ryouko and Origami, the redhead female
leading them distorted her lips. She was probably around Ryouko's age.
Maybe due to her eyes having an angled feature, she was a woman that would make
someone somehow think of a fox.
"Those faces look like you've seen the documents. AST's miss captain and------yes,
was it Tobiichi Origami?"
After saying it in a unique international way, the woman thickens her smile.
"……….You are?"
Ryouko asked back. When she did that, the woman nodded exaggeratedly before
bringing forth her right hand.
"I am Jessica Bayley and I have been assigned into the AST as of today. Please take
care of me from now on."
"…….fuun."
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
50 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
After Ryouko distorted her face unpleasantly, she then flipped her hands and pressed
Jessica's right hand, before exchanging a handshake.
"I don't know the reason that you came here for, but I won't let you do things as you
please here. As long as you are affiliated with the AST, you will have to follow my
orders."
When she said that, Jessica opened her eyes in surprise and turned her eyes towards
her subordinate her before shrugging her shoulders.
"If we follow your orders, will we be able to defeat the Spirit?"
"………..What did you say?"
"We have heard a lot of the . These past few years, while being a team that
counters Spirit's in the area where the world's most Spacequake occurrence areas
happen, you people are the Omamagoto[6A 3] team that has not even once hunted
down a single Spirit."
"Wha-----"
Jessica distorted her eyebrows and moved her sights from Ryouko to Origami.
"I have also heard about you, you know? You seem to have went to kill a Spirit on
your own accord and had received a house arrest as a result. Ahaha, you might be
the one a little close to us."
When Origami remained silent, Jessica closed in to her face.
"But, it's not good. You're not worth the talk. For unreasonably trying to use the
defective unit <White licorice>, in the end, there were no results brought out, right?
Fufu, unsightly."
When Jessica said that while grinning, the members behind her started to leak
giggles out.
"Captain, don't you think that is too much?"
"You can't compare our standards with this far-east worthless team."
"Isn't that right.? It's not like they want to be this weak."
AST
you people
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
51 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
The woman with freckles, the woman with a thick lip and the woman with narrow
eyes-----following in that order, made fun of the people before them. Origami
gritted her teeth while not changing her expression.
"Ara, are you angry? Kyahaha, what are you going to do after getting angry? You
people who have not even defeated a Spirit, did you actually think you could match
us who are the DEM Adeptus numbers?"
"……………..Hey, all of you enou-------"
And, when Ryouko was about to stop Jessica...
Coming from nearby, a high-pitched alarm rang and echoed.
"……………! Get ready to dispatch! Your skills haven't dulled yet right!?"
"Naturally."
When Origami replied and started to run, once again Jessica and the group made a
smile.
"Whether or not your skills gotten dull or not, isn't it the same if you can't kill the
Spirit?"
"………………"
"Stop, Origami. Now is not the time for that."
When Origami glared at Jessica, Ryouko entered between them to stop them.
"We will also dispatch. No matter what you say, we have to protect this city no
matter what………….what will all of you do?"
"Ahh, us? Let's see………..alright, it's a nice timing anyways so, we will also sortie.
We will teach you people the way to fight. However-------"
Jessica made one finger stand up before, continuing her words.
"We have a special mission wrapped around us. Depending on the situation, we will
have you let us prioritize that first."
"………….Special, mission?"
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
52 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Origami said that while distorting her eyebrows.
Wondering why, coming from those words, she felt an uneasy echo coming out
from it.
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
53 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
54 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 5
"Kuh……………"
Shidou unintentionally frown his face. The same time with a weird levitating feeling
like riding a high speed elevator wrapping his body, the scenery being shown in his
view has changed from a gloomy building interior to the streets at night.
Due to an equipment installed inside <Fraxinus>, within a second, he was
transported with a speed that is half of an instant. While pushing his forehead to stay
conscious in his drunk-like distorted conscious, Shidou stepped on the ground with
his foot.
After the haziness disappeared from his view, he fixed himself and looked at his
surroundings.
The place Shidou went down to was a plaza placed in front of the Tatsunami station
located at the west side of Tenguu city.
Since it was a station closest to the multipurpose event hall the Tenguu arena, during
the days where live concerts or events take place, it was a spot that will be filled with
people. Last time, when Shidou passed by the area not knowing there was a live
concert of a popular band taking place, he was shocked by the huge number of
people.
But, right now in front of the station, he could not see even a single shadow of a
person.
That was also a normal thing. The scenery that unfolded inside Shidou's view was of
a huge portion of the area that was gouged out, resulting in a crater. A large section
of the plaza in front of the station was lost and only a part of the fence was left
intact.
Spacequake. The outbreak type calamity that ruins the humans and the world.
It is a wide area tremor phenomenon that makes [Things over there] disappear in an
instant.
"Looks like you reached the spot safely."
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
55 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Coming from the small incam equipped into his right ear, he heard Kotori's voice.
Right now the Commander of <Ratatoskr> Kotori was monitoring Shidou's
condition from the airship <Fraxinus> from its position in the sky, 15000 meters
above him.
"The Spirit's readings have been heading south ever since the Spacequake
occurred. Please Hurry."
"Understood………..!"
After replying, he started running.
---Spirit. Being called as the worst thing that destroys the world, they are special
calamity designated creatures.
Spacequake is an aftereffect that occurs when the Spirit appears here from the
dimension called the [Other world].
"……….ototo."
While almost slipping down, he somehow managed to continue running. There was
probably a live concert or an event taken place recently because the illuminated
street was scattered with colorful leaflets and fans with pictures printed on it. In an
instant, he thought it was the bad manners of the audiences but, if the Spacequake
alarm suddenly rings, they would probably have no choice but to throw the leaflets
they were holding and start running.
"Kotori, where's the Spirit's readings!?"
"Please wait for a second. We are trying to get a precise coordinate right-------
"
And, during that instant when Kotori was saying that, Shidou twitched his eyebrows
in surprise.
In front-------coming from the Tenguu arena, he could hear something coming
from there.
"This is………a song………?"
Yes. He could only hear a little because the walls were blocking the noise, but that is
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
56 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
unmistakably a [song].
There's no way. After the Spacequake alarm rang, even after all the audiences
evacuated, there was a singer that stayed behind and continued singing alone on
stage. For an instant that thought floated in his mind---------he immediately shook
his head.
Shidou pushed open the door half dumbfounded, and stepped into the arena.
And then, he walked forward until he could see the whole view of the stage.
That moment--------Shidou's body was assaulted by an overwhelming feeling.
In the middle of the arena. Most likely the actors or staff members evacuated the
area after leaving the stage's equipment on. Inside the dark hall, only a risen stage
that looked like a watchtower was being showered with light coming from several
stage lights located from the bottom.
Right in the middle of it-------
There was a girl standing there wearing a dazzling dress that was sewn with light
particles, her voice echoing inside the arena. Though the song was composed with
words he had not heard before, it was a like a quiet tone similar to a lullaby and it
shook Shidou's eardrums.
"Ah--------"
Unintentionally, a voice of admiration leaked out from Shidou's throat.
The performance was not done with a music instrument. And it was not done with a
loudspeaker or a mike. It was a vocal solo completely with nothing else involved.
But the melody made by only her voice made a hallucinating feeling that penetrated
into his mind through his ears, and it possessed an overwhelming power in it.
"Don't tell me that's-------<Diva>……!?"
"…………….!"
Suddenly hearing Kotori's voice echoing through his right ear, he got back his
consciousness. Shidou looked downwards and swung his head softly. Incidentally,
he lightly pulled his cheeks and made himself become filled with energy.
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
57 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
---Yeah. It's not time to fall in love hearing the song.
That's because right now Shidou has a very important task which is extremely hard
to achieve.
"<Diva>…………is it that girl's codename?"
"Yes………………it's a Spirit that has only been confirmed appearing once
around half a year ago. Although her existence has been tentatively recorded in
the database, almost all of the detailed information regarding her character and
nature to her abilities and Angel is equivalent to zero. Please try to be careful
enough while approaching her."
"I-I get it."
After Shidou made a nod, he once again faced towards the girl, and made a step
forward.
And, at that moment, *KAN*, a dry sound echoed throughout the arena.
"Ah……….."
The moment he moved his legs, it would seem he kicked away an empty can that
was left on the floor.
The girl probably noticed the sound. She suddenly stopped singing.
"-----Araa?"
And then, completely different to the voice used to sing just now, she spilled out a
slow-like voice.
"Idiot, what are you doing!?"
"Sorry……………it was dark so my foot…………"
But Shidou did not let out the last sentence of his apology.
After the girl crept her sights as if to look around the arena from above the stage, it
was only then she talked.
"Was there an audience here~? I thought there was no one here just now--"
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
58 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
She let out a kind and carefree voice. It would seem since the audience seats was
shrouded in darkness, Shidou's figure was not found by her.
"Where are you-----? I am also starting to get tired of being alone. Would you like
to have a talk if it is okay with you?"
"Kotori-------"
"Hn------it looks like she's a Spirit that won't attack you mercilessly. We will
provide support in the conversation, so would you try going to a spot where
you can exchange a conversation directly?"
"I get it, I'll try going."
After Shidou made a nod while gripping his fist tightly, and went up the stairs made
to go up to the stage.
But, just before he was about to reach up to stage, he heard Kotori's voice stopping
him from his right ear.
"Stop. The choices came out. ------Fumu, it looks like the talking pattern at the
same time with the entry."
Inside a dim half elliptical space, there were lights floating on the many displays.
The place Kotori was in right now, with a longitudinal distance of 15000 meters
away from the Tenguu Arena where Shidou and the Spirit is located, was in the
bridge of the airship <Fraxinus> floating in the night sky.
Right in the middle of it, while eating Chupa Chups and sitting arrogantly on the
commander's seat, Kotori swung the cuff of her crimson jacket and skirt. After
standing up, she then made her voice resound inside the bridge.
"All members, your choices!"
Obeying Kotori's orders, the crew members sitting in a row in the bridge started
operating the console in front of them.
Right now, on the bridge's main monitor, a window with 3 choices lined up was
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
59 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
displayed on it.
@"I was charmed by you, because you are so beautiful."
A"Your song------it's very beautiful."
B"The view from below is the best."
That was the <Fraxinus>'s Spirit mental state monitoring AI's derived method to
conquer the Spirit.
At the same time with Kotori sticking her tongue out and licking her lips, everyone's
answer was displayed on the small display.
The most picked one was--------A
"I see…….it's not bad."
The same time with Kotori saying that, the crew members in the lower deck started
raising their voices.
"@ would be good, but it's kind of blunt so A is the best choice here."
"She was singing in such a place. It wouldn't feel bad to compliment her."
It is true as that is the case here. Kotori made a small groan.
"I guess so……………..Reine what do you think?"
When she said that, the woman with a pair of eyes painted with thick eye bags sitting
on Kotori's left side faced towards Kotori's direction.
"………..hnn, let's see. It should be the appropriate one. That's because <Diva> is a
spirit that we have extremely little information about. After showing her response to
this question, it's not bad to look for the trend after that."
"I see. Alright, let's go with A -----by the way Kannazuki."
Before giving Shidou the instruction, she slightly brought her eyes to the screen.
Though most of the votes selected A, inside the remaining that flown into @, there
was only one crew member that chose B.
Behind Kotori, there was a tall man with mannequin-like facial features in a stand-
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
60 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
by posture. Acting as the vice commander of this ship and Kotori's assistant, it was
Kannazuki Kyouhei.
"Yes?"
"Which of these do you prefer, the mountain or sea?"
"Eh? Is it about the vacation with commander? Then as expected, to a sea with high
exposure rate…………"
"Okay. Then I will let you become the bait course for the fishes."
When Kotori snapped her fingers, 2 strong men appeared from the door behind and
grabbed both Kannazuki's arms and legs.
"I-its false accusations! It's a wet close! I chose number A this time!"
"…………..what did you say?"
Kotori operated the console and made the selection voters appear.
When she did that, she found out it was true that Kannazuki's vote was put into A.
"Then who on earth……………"
When she looked at the 3rd selection with dubious thoughts, the name
[Nakatsugawa] was written in it.
"It was you Nakatsugawa!"
"hiie!?"
When Kotori made an angry shout, <Dimension breaker> Nakatsugawa twitched his
shoulders.
"Eh……………….. I-is there something you need, commander………….."
"Don't "is there something you need" me. It's not like I said you can't choose B. I
want to have many types of opinions. --------but, at the very least I will have you
explain the reason why you chose that."
"Eh? B…………eh?"
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
61 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
After Nakatsugawa twisted his head not understanding what was told to him, he then
brought his eyes to the panel display and [UWAH!?] released a surprised voice.
"I-I am very sorry, I pressed the key after completely not looking at the
choices…………….!"
Kotori unpleasantly distorted her eyebrows.
"Nakatsugawa, do you know what are you doing? There is a possibility your choice
might cause danger to Shidou you know?"
"So,sorry! I am prepared to receive any punishment! Bu,but…………"
"But what…….?"
When Kotori said that, Nakatsugawa took a glance at the main monitor before
continuing his words.
"This Spirit………….<Diva>'s voice, I feel like I heard it somewhere
before…………."
"………………..what did you say? What do you mean by that?"
And, the moment Kotori brought her eyebrow roots together doubtfully; she heard
Shidou's voice coming from the speaker.
"O,oi…………, is the selection done yet?"
"! Aah,sorry sorry. It's A. Praise her for her singing voice."
When Kotori said that, Shidou in the screen nodded before climbing the stairs, and
went up to the stage.
Kotori made a sigh to regain herself, and sat back down on the commander seat.
"-------well, it's okay. For now, the capture is more important. Nakatsugawa. Tell me
what you have to say later."
"Un,understood!"
Nakatsugawa made a salute and returned facing back at the console.
At the same time with him doing that, a weak voice could be heard coming from
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
62 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
behind. It was Kannazuki still having both his arms being secured by the men with
muscles.
"Fuu……………I'm saved thanks to the misunderstanding being solved."
"I'm sorry about that. It's because your normal conducts are bad."
"No, everyone makes mistakes no matter who it is. The important thing is to reflect
on it. Let me see. For now, I'll come to agreement with Commanders stripped
stockings."
When Kotori snapped her fingers, the men still holding onto Kannazuki took him
out of the bridge.
"Commander! I-I understand! Only the insole! I am satisfied with the shoe's insole!"
The door closed with an electronic sound, and then his voice could no longer be
heard anymore.
"…………..it's kind of noisy but, did something happen?"
"It's nothing. Shidou, you should only focus on the Spirit that is in front of
you."
Kotori told him that in a state were nothing really happened. …………actually he
felt that he heard Kannazuki's scream but,…………..well, he didn't really mind it.
Shidou let sweat ooze on his forehead while scratching his cheeks.
Now was not the situation to have his intentions spared away. After Shidou made a
deep breathe, he climb up the stairs and danced on top the stage.
On top of the stage that was being poured upon with a large amount of spotlights, it
was so bright that it could be mistaken with daytime, and it was filled with hot air.
But, he couldn't let himself close his eyes. He properly opened his eyes wide and
looked at the girl's back standing on the stage.
It would seems the girl also noticed the sound echoing behind her. She slowing
looked over to him.
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
63 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
"Aah, you would go through the trouble to come up here? Good evening. I am-------
---"
And thus. The moment the Spirit who turned her body while making a smile looked
at Shidou, she perfectly stopped her body movement and words.
"Eh……….?"
"Shidou. What are you doing?"
He was taken back for an instant, but he couldn't let the silence prolong any further.
Shidou made a cough before opening his mouth.
"Hey, good evening. I didn't plan on eavesdropping, but the singing was so beautiful
so--------"
But, midway in Shidou's sentence-----
Coming from the incam.
*PII!* *PII!* a loud alarm sounded.
"Th,this is……………the affection level, at [bad mood], the mental state---------
--all types of parameters are quickly dropping! What is the meaning of
this……………….!? Shidou, you didn't unzip your lower half right!?"
"Wha, I didn't!"
While saying that, he looked downwards just in case. It was not like his crotch was
exposed after being pulled by his clothes, or things like that.-----however, then what
on earth…………..!?
"We have no choice, let's try another choice. Use @! Praise her for her
appearance!"
*PII!** PII!*
"The affection level fell even more!"
"She's in the area where she can't feel any unpleasant feeling from Shidou-
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
64 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
kun!"
"Wha,What did you say!?"
Next after the emergency alarm buzzer, he could hear Kotori and the crew's
panicking voices.
"The,then use the last method! B, [The view from below is the best!]"
"The view from below-"
*PII!**PIIIIIIIIIIIII!*
"I-I have never seen such a low value before!"
"It's an affection level below a cockroach!"
"He couldn't even say it to the end!"
The screaming voices of the crew members hit his right ear's eardrums until it hurt.
And, when he was occupied with that, a change appeared on the girl who was frozen
solid.
*GI**GI*………….when he thought she turned her head like a rusty machine,
*suu*…….she started to curve her body while sucking a large amount of air.
"E,err…………."
Even after Shidou tried talking to her, she showed no response at all. His right ear
right now was still having a high-pitched buzzer echoing into it.
The girl then finished sucking in the air and made a glare towards Shidou. When she
did that, the next moment--------
"WAH!!"
The girl released a loud voice.
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
65 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
"Guah……………….!?"
And at the same time, his chest, stomach, both his limbs and his face was, attacked
by a shockwave all at the same time. The invisible pressure that can be described as
a [Sound wall], hit Shidou's whole body. Shidou spit out his breath as if he was
coughing blood, and his body was easily blown away. "Shidou!"
"……………!"
He extended his hands while Kotori's voice was like being repelled away, and clung
onto the edge of stage just before falling off. He resisted the pressure of sound
while letting it pass through his body-------and he successfully left only his upper
half of his body on the stage.
"Hi,hieee………………"
After he took a glimpse downwards, he found out the stage was placed quite high on
contrary to his expectations. If he were to fall like this, he would probably not
escape from some compound fractures. Even if he has Kotori's protection, things
that hurt still hurt.
After Shidou somehow managed to get back on stage, he desperately wriggled his
legs.
But, in front of Shidou's eyes, walking in a wobbly pace, <Diva> came closer to
him.
And when she reached right just in front of him, she made a gentle smile like a
goddess.
But.
"Eh, why did you cling on? Why didn't you fall off? Why didn't you die? Please
disappear from this stage, this world, this probability space-time as soon as
possible."
"Heh……………..?"
On her expression and word's cap, Shidou reflexively opened his eyes in shock.
"Err,errr……….what did you say just now?"
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
66 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
"Why are you talking to me? Would you stop? It's disgusting. Please don't let out
your voice. Please don't let your spit come out. Please don't breathe. Don't you know
you're polluting the surrounding atmosphere by just being here? Don't you
understand that?"
"……………………"
It would be so great if this was a silent movie. It was a girl that produces an
incredible amount of discomfort, enough to make him think of such a stupid thing
even in such a dangerous situation.
"Eerrr, yo,you were………….."
"You're someone that listens to someone's words. Would you hurry up and
disappear? Your existence is discomforting. Why must I step on your hand just to
make you fall of the stage? Even if it's my shoe's sole, I really don't want to touch
you, you know?"
A kind expression. A beautiful voice. A song that has a tone. Only the content of her
words was a morning star.
And----at that moment.
"……………!"
When he thought the arena's ceiling made a crack for an instant, an explosion
occurred together with a strong impact and sound. The giant lighting equipment's
installed on the ceiling broke and caved in.
"U,uwah………….!?"
"Arah-----?"
A slight tremor was transmitted. Shidou cling onto the stage to avoid being thrown
off the stage.
"Wha,what's………….."
When he looked up. Over there was already something that could no longer be
called a ceiling. On the contrary, the faces of the clouds painted with moonlight peep
into the night sky.
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
67 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
No---------that was not the only thing there. Slipped inside the darkness, he
confirmed several people covered with machine armors.
"AST…………..!"
Shidou put fear on his voice and shouted. It looks like the time limit has been
reached.
The AST members easily danced around the sky and entered the Arena. He heard
normally the CR-units will not proceed into building interior battles, but because of
this wide area, that limit was probably taken off. Immediately, they surrounded the
stage Shidou and <Diva> was on and several of the wizards made a stance with their
weapons while activating it.
But, Shidou felt something was a little out of place. It's true that there is nothing
different in the AST. However, for some reason there were a lot of unseen before
westerners included inside of the group.
"Shidou! There is no choice, retreat for now!"
"Ah,aah……….."
He nodded at Kotori's voice echoing from the Incom--------and raised his eyebrows
because of an unpleasant feeling again.
The emergency alarm that was ringing continuously just now, stopped just on time.
"Eh………….?"
Feeling suspicious, he looked towards <Diva>. When he did that, over there -------
"Well,well~~!"
Completely changed from just now, <Diva> was there joining her hands together
while her eyes was sparkling.
"Isn't this nice~----. Isn't this wonderful----. Yes it is, speaking of audiences, this is
the way! Aah, let me see----, especially------"
And, leaving a buzz in the ears, <Diva> disappeared from that spot.
The next moment, behind one member of the AST-------<Diva> appeared behind
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
68 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Origami without a sound.
She placed her hands over Origami's shoulder over-familiarly, and brought her
mouth close to Origami's ear like a close and affectionate lover.
"Aah……..nice, it's nice~~. Nee~ you, don't you want to hear my singing--?"
"…………..!"
Origami immediately shakes her shoulders and swings her laser blade.
"Ahhn, so mean."
<Diva> avoided Origami's attack while letting out a sweet voice.
Origami looks very injured from that reaction. In attempt to pursuit, she made
several slashes with the laser blade towards <Diva>. Unfortunately, all of the attacks
were obstructed by an invisible wall just before they reached <Diva>.
"This won't end. Step aside-------"
And when he thought the redhead girl floating far away in the opposite side of the
stage said that, she stopped her words after her eyes looked towards Shidou.
"That's……………"
And after she showed a posture of exchanging a few words with her comrade
through the transmitter, she activated her thruster and moved towards Shidou for
some reason instead of the Spirit.
"Heh--------?"
Shidou let out a hysteric voice. For an instant he thought she entered the battlefield
to protect the citizen but, something was off. She pulled out a giant stun rod off her
waist and head towards Shidou. It was like she was trying to make Shidou faint and
capture him------
"……..………..!"
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
69 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
70 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
And, just right before the red hair girl closed in to Shidou, Origami appeared in
front of Shidou.
Sensing that something was off, it would seem she threw <Diva> aside and flew
over. Origami's laser blade clashed with that woman's weapon, and scattered sparks
violently.
"Arara? What are you doing?"
"That is my line. He is not a Spirit. What were you planning to do?"
"You don't have the right to know. It's from the higher-ups. Get away from there."
"……………I can't agree with that. Give an explanation until I understand."
"What a hard headed person."
Once again, the woman swings her weapon. Origami also swings her laser blade in
order to retaliate.
An impact that could not be compared to just now was spread around the
surroundings.
"U,uwah………….!"
The next moment, Shidou's view went black and------
By the time he fainted, he was returned to the gloomy ship's interior.
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
71 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
72 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Chapter 2: Male/Female
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
73 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
74 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 1
An hour had passed since Shidou unwittingly lost sight of her.
As he had habitually done in the past, he wasn't able to take the spirit down and
capture her. In the end, he had let her escape and thus all the AST members returned
back to their garrison.
"......"
However......for some reason Origami felt a subtle hint of uneasiness.
Normally when a spirit escaped it meant that the spirit departed for the other
dimension. However, nobody witnessed the moment the physical body of the spirit
<Diva> dived into the void.
After unleashing a terrifying scream, she took advantage of the time when everyone
was shocked into a state of cowardice and escaped without a trace. Because there
wasn't an ensuing shock wave, people thought she had escaped into the other
dimension......
However, Origami lightly shook her head and narrowed her eyes.
There was a far more pressing matter at hand.
After recovering from the fatigue that followed the removal of the territory,
Origami slowly moved towards Jessica who was chatting with her subordinates.
"What were you trying to do?"
Jessica raised an eyebrow and turned around towards Origami.
"What are you talking about?"
"Don't act dumb. Why did you want to attack Shidou back then?"
"Ara, so you guys knew about that?"
"Answer me quickly."
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
75 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
After Origami pressed the issue, Jessica greatly shrugged her shoulders.
"I just wanted to protect him since there was a normal person involved in the
battlefield, that's all. Is there something wrong with that?"
"......"
Origami's sharp stare towards Jessica possessed a body piercing effect. She clearly
knew this was a lie. There was no way Origami could have falsely read her actions
at that time.
In fact, Jessica didn't count on Origami believing her words. However, she knew that
Origami would be unable to pursue her interrogation if she said something along
those lines. After all, there was absolutely no proof to confirm that Jessica had
wanted to attack Shidou.
"That's all I have to say so get lost already. We are very busy."
Jessica replied in a pretentious tone. However, Origami continued on.
"Does it have something to do with the special mission you guys were assigned?"
"......"
After Origami spoke, Jessica and her subordinates' expressions wavered a bit.
Following that, she unhappily smacked her lips and suddenly grabbed Origami's
bangs.
"Guh......"
"??You bitch. Your days will be numbered if you try get smart with me."
Once she finished speaking, she tossed Origami aside. Due to her being partially
fatigued still, Origami landing directly on her butt as she tumbled to the ground.
Jessica's subordinates then proceeded to scoff at her.
"What are you guys doing!?"
Having noticed the disturbance, Ryouko hurriedly rushed over.
Jessica pretended to know nothing, redirected herself elsewhere, and left with her
subordinates.
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
76 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
"Are you okay Origami?"
"......I'm fine."
After Origami grabbed Ryouko's hand and propped herself up, she grimaced at
Jessica's gradually fading figure from behind.
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
77 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
78 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 2
"Why do we have to get up this early in the morning......"
Caught between Tohka and Origami, like a criminal being escorted, Shidou pressed
forward while constantly yawning due to his drowsiness.
Currently it was September 9th, the second day after encountering the spirit <Diva>.
After that, <Fraxinus> decided to hold a meeting over the spirit's unexplainable drop
in affection. Either way, Shidou wouldn't have to go to school tomorrow since he
was also requested to participate in a meeting that was supposed to go late into the
night......
Shidou rubbed his droughty eyes as he yawned once again.
That's right, Ai called him in the morning. Today marks the beginning of the interschool
Tenou festival committee so please come! He was informed in this manner.
"Hey, you're getting too close to Shidou. Back off a bit!"
"You're the one who should be backing off. Even Shidou has said your body odor is
intolerable."
"W-What did you say!?"
On his right was Tohka and on his left was Origami. Their voices played one after
the other, which constantly irritated the sleep deprived Shidou.
"Tohka......Origami, could you guys keep it down......it's giving me a headache."
"That's right, quiet down Tobiichi Origami! Shidou is saying you're being too
loud!"
"It's the sound of your breathing and heartbeat that's a pain on the ears. They should
be stopped immediately."
"As I said......"
Shidou let out a deep sigh.
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
79 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Incidentally, those who were currently on their way to the conference meeting
included Shidou, Tohka, and Origami. On the other hand, Ai, Mai,and Mii, who
were also committee members, weren't coming. It was said that the three of them
had scheduled a band performance on stage during the first day of the Tenou
festival. Because of their practice, they were unable to attend the meeting.
No worries no worries, we already found a suitable agent. After being notified in
this manner, they headed off towards the agreed upon assembly point. On their way,
they noticed Tohka and Origami who both appeared to be like cats fighting over
territory.
Fortuitously, as Shidou passed the towering stone wall while his head was still
ringing, he saw the school which was designated as the gathering location for the
conference.
The school had a stately red brick gate with an iron latticed fence extending from
both sides of it. Verdant branches bore through the gaps of the lattice structure.
To add to that, there was a perfectly straight paved brick path and lying just beyond
that was the majestic sight of the castle-like school. The presence of students during
the weekend was most likely due to group activities and preparation for the Tenou
festival.
The Rindouji Private Academy for Girls contained the daughters of many
prestigious individuals. It was a famous and outstanding school within the Tenguu
district.
Suddenly, the two girls ceased their constant bickering upon noticing the school. On
his right, Tohka stared at the school in fascination.
"Ooo......Shidou, this is quite impressive. Is it a school as well?"
"Yes, it appears to be. Well, let's go in and check it out first."
"Ok!"
"......"
Tohka's reply was full of vigor while Origami on the other hand nodded silently.
After Shidou and the girls displayed their student IDs to the security guard, they set
out towards the interior of the campus. After that, they entered the school through
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
80 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
the visitor's entrance and picked up a visitor's pass before heading off towards the
designated location.
"The second conference room, is it here?"
He proceeded to open the door. Several students, each wearing a different school
uniform, were already gathered inside the room. There was still some time before
the start of the meeting. Inside was a long table with the nameplates of various
schools already placed on top of it. There were also quite a few students conversing
away from their seats.
With that said, Shidou couldn't have known anyone considering he just recently
assumed his post as a committee member yesterday. He swiftly found his seat and sat
down.
Soon after, a person knocked on the conference room door.
"Hmm?"
After Shidou turned his neck, he noticed that the other students waiting in room also
looked over.
"W-What is going on......"
Seeing everyone's reaction, he couldn't help but tense up. Most likely someone was
about to come in.
However, a dispirited yet warm voice could be heard from the other side of the
door.
"Well then, I'll be coming in now."
Upon hearing that statement, the door slowly opened.
A group of girls wearing light blue sailor uniforms calmly entered.
Afterwards, the girls formed two rows and lowered their heads, resembling a mass
welcoming for distinguished individuals who went through great lengths to arrive.
Just as Shidou went into a daze, a student walked in between the two rows of girls
with the leisureliness of an empress.
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
81 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Her long hair was separated into multiple locks. Under the lighting, her fine hair
emitted a radiant violet hue. She also possessed dazzling silver pupils. Although she
wore the same sailor uniform as the girls around her, her presence was
overwhelming, making her curved silhouette clearly stand out.
"Wh......"
"......!"
After seeing her appearance, Shidou and Origami could not help but gasp.
She was indeed a beauty. If a gorgeous girl like her were to be encountered on the
streets, there would definitely be some people who would turn around to take a
second glance at her.
Nevertheless, that wasn't the case here.
"??Hello everyone, we are pleased to have you all here."
The girl spoke with a languid intonation. She lowered her head as she greeted the
other students.
After hearing her voice, Shidou was confident on a certain matter.
That girl......
"I'm the head of the Tenou festival committee for The Rindouji Private Academy for
Girls, Izayoi Miku."
It was the spirit Shidou came across yesterday??<Diva>.
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
82 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
83 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 3
"Well then, let's head out. Everyone, please follow me."
After her long drawn voice was broadcasted over from the loudspeakers located on
the bridge of the <Fraxinus>, a lively accompaniment and loud cheering could be
heard.
At the moment, there was a girl dancing and singing while wearing a dress
containing a myriad of laces being displayed on the main monitor at the front of the
bridge. In front of her there seemed to be a dense carpet of purple glow sticks.
The image was quite shoddy. No matter how you looked at it, it did not appear to be
an officially sold concert DVD. However, this was quite a common practice. After
all, Nakatsugawa probably went through a lot of trouble to get ahold of this
prohibited secret recording.
"......"
Standing by the captain's seat, Shidou stared at the video.
To be precise, at the very center of the screen was a girl merrily dancing about
while singing in a soothing voice.
She was without a doubt the Rindouji student he had seen yesterday??the spirit
known as <Diva>.
"Izayoi Miku......Well, I never would have thought she'd be a spirit."
At Shidou's side??Kotori muttered as she sat in the captain's seat while viewing
the recording.
"You know Izayoi Miku?"
"I've heard of her before. Other than this, I've heard her sing a couple advertisement
tunes, drama show theme songs, things of that nature."
"I-I see......"
Shidou scratched his cheeks. It seems what Tonomachi said was true.
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
84 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
However, Kotori completely disregarded Shidou's movements as she gazed towards
the individual reports next to her with a sour expression.
"......Her first public performance was over half a year ago. Her splendid voice was
known as the Anesthetic Sound. With her overwhelming singing capabilities, a
number of her super-popular tracks were published......yet this mysterious idol never
appeared on television or magazines.....can a person even be considered an idol like
this?"
After reading till this point, Kotori placed her hand on her forehead and sighed.
"A spirit becoming an idol......furthermore, she decided to integrate into society
starting at least half a year ago? While also engaging in these activities? Ha, she
pales in comparison to Kurumi!"
As soon as Kotori mentioned Kurumi's name, Shidou's cheeks twitched. In the past,
she was a spirit who enrolled in Shidou's class under a human disguise.
However, right now there exists an option that wasn't present back then.
"I wonder, is she a human who received spirit powers from <Phantom> like you
Kotori?"
"......Hmm."
Upon hearing Shidou's statement, Kotori raised her brow.
"There's no denying this possibility. If it really was the case, then that would explain
why she would station herself in this world.??However, that wouldn't explain
yesterday's spacequake."
"Ah......"
After it was pointed out to him, Shidou's eyes widened.
Spacequakes referred the repercussions caused when spirits appeared within this
world. Although there were spirits like Kurumi who were capable of causing a
spacequake whenever they wanted......Miku on the other hand, who had been living
on this side ever since, didn't adhere this sort of reasoning.
Shidou scratched the back of his head as he groaned.
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
85 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Shidou was unsure of his own presumptions from the start so after being denied like
this he had to start from scratch again.
Furthermore.....there was a more pressing matter at hand.
"In the end, we still don't know why her affection levels dropped so rapidly......"
Indeed, no conclusions were drawn from the meeting that lasted all night.
However, Kotori lightly shook her head upon seeing Shidou's anxiousness.
"Actually, regarding this problem, even though we can't guarantee this we did come
up with a hypothesis."
"Eh? What would that be?"
"Yes, we weren't able to catch this as we examined the monitor yesterday, but as
soon as we received reports about <Diva> being Izayoi Miku today, we were pretty
much able to confirm this."
"S-So what is the reason behind it?"
After Shidou questioned her closely, Kotori made a signal with her fingers to tell
Shidou to calm down.
"I'll explain in sequence.??Reine."
"......Ok, take a look at this."
After that, Reine began explaining after taking a seat towards Kotori's left. The
images displayed on the main monitor featured Miku as she was singing and a
diagram. As the music played, Nakatsugawa moved to the beat and couldn't resist
uttering along, but he was immediately silenced after Kotori glared at him.
Shidou wryly smiled at this and then directed his gaze towards the diagram.
"This is?"
"......This diagram shows Miku's mental state from yesterday. Starting from the
center was when you began conversing with her."
After taking a glance at the segment she mentioned......the line took a steep dive akin
to a rollercoaster drop. Towards the end, the calibrated markings had completely
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
86 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
disappeared.
"......This is worse than I imagined. Who knew I was this much of a nuisance."
"......Well, ignore that aspect for now. Take a look at what happened afterwards."
Following Reine's instructions, he took a look at the latter stages of the diagram.
Once the decline of her affection reached its end, the line suddenly started to rise.
"This is......"
"......This was when the AST made their appearance."
"Then what happened when at the peak of the diagram?"
"That was when she encountered Tobiichi Origami."
"T-Then......that means."
Shidou was currently deep in thought. Kotori took the candy out from her mouth
and pointed it towards the lower part of the bridge.
"Nakatsugawa."
After being called upon, Nakatsugawa stood straight up with lightning fast speed.
"Yes! Regarding the revolutionary idol who sprung onto stage like a comet? Izayoi
Miku-tan, she never reveals her true identity in front of people. Even her idol events
only consists of regularly published CDs and invitations to her secret performances
are only sent to a small portion of her fan base.......Clearly all of Japan thinks of her
as one big celebrity. However, only a select few have ever seen her appearance. It's
at the point where??people have started to doubt whether or not she's even real."
"Haaa......sounds very thoroughly done."
"It's not just whether or not it was thoroughly done. In this day and age of
information technology, not even one picture of her appearance exists? It's already
quite strange with this alone. Do you guys know how much effort I spent trying to
get this recording of her performance?"
Nakatsugawa vigorously stated. Shidou awkwardly ruffled his cheeks.
"Nevertheless, isn't she an idol? Why would she want to avoid being seen by other
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
87 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
people......"
"This information was found on the web......it is said that Miku-tan detests males to
point where even holding hands with them becomes unbearable. The secret
performance that I previously mentioned was limited to only female fans."
"Only female fans......?"
After Shidou voiced his suspicions, Nakatsugawa continued on enthusiastically even
though he was running out of breath.
"Yes, and according to rumors, she would bring female fans that she fancied back
with her to enjoy."
"C-Could she be......"
"Yes, she's??"
Kotori placed the lollipop back in her mouth and positioned her finger upright.
"Izayoi Miku??might be into girls, otherwise known as yuri."
"......Wh??."
Shidou voiced out in despair.
He did not intend to criticize the other person's sexual orientation. Shidou was
already a high school sophomore and wouldn't childishly reject others blindly just
because they didn't see eye to eye. He understood that love existed in various forms
in this world.
However, it would be a disaster if a spirit was only interested into girls, an utter
disaster indeed.
The reason for this is fairly simple. The actions of Shidou and <Fraxinus> were
meant to seal a spirit's powers, rendering them into a safe state. Not only did this
prevent spacequakes but it also protected the spirits.
As a result, they needed Shidou's powers??the power of sealing spirit powers
through kissing.
Furthermore, there was no significance behind just lip to lip contact. At the very
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
88 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
least, the affection levels of the spirits had to be raised to a point where they would
not reject a kiss in order for it to work.
"That means there's nothing left we can do......!"
Shidou pessimistically stated. Up till now, he had encountered many spirits who
were hard to deal with. However, nothing could be done if the reason he was being
rejected was from a physiology standpoint.
Nevertheless, Kotori was taken aback as her eyes lit up after noticing Shidou's
reaction.
"What are you talking about? Aren't you a member of the Tenou Festival
committee? Then you should have the opportunity to engage Miku in conversation
right?"
"Even so, doesn't Miku hold zero interest in men?"
"It's more accurate to say that she finds them extremely annoying rather than
holding no interest."
"Isn't that even more detrimental!?"
Seeing Shidou shout like this, Kotori leisurely shrugged.
"You think I didn't contemplate over this when I stated my thoughts? The
countermeasures have already been devised."
"Countermeasures......?"
Kotori nodded as well snapped her fingers. Next, Kannazuki came out of
nowhere......in addition he looked completely soaked.
"Kannazuki-san......? Why are you drenched? Plus there's a fish scent in here as well."
"Oh that, I was just going out for a quick swim."
Kannazuki laughed heartily while being unconcerned with this matter. Shidou
ruffled his cheeks as he spoke.
"Well then, the countermeasure is......"
"This!"
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
89 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
The one who responded was Kannazuki. He extended his hand that was originally
kept behind his back this whole time right in front of Shidou's line of sight.
"......"
Upon seeing what was held in his hand, Shidou froze like an ice sculpture.
Within Kannazuki's hand was the usual school uniform for Raizen High School
where Shidou goes to.
??However, it was the girl's version.
At first Shidou was still thinking "Hey, Kannazuki-san always seems eager to get
started......", however he very quickly detected something was amiss. The school
uniform was brand new??furthermore the dimensions were quite large.
Indeed, the size would be perfect for a girl around the same height as Shidou.
"......Ummm."
Shidou for some reason had an ominous premonition about this and took a step
back unconsciously. However, he bumped into something on the way back.
Immediately after, Shidou's hands were restrained. Turning around, he noticed that it
was <Tired Too Early> Kawagoe and <President> Mikimoto.
"Hey......W-What are you guys doing.......? H-Hurry up and release me!"
Shidou broke out in a cold sweat as he inquired. This time in front of him??right
besides Kannazuki and heading towards to him was <Straw Doll> Shiizaki with
various cosmetic tools held between each of her fingers like they were weapons
meant for throwing as well as <On Probation> Minowa holding onto a myriad of
wigs.
"W-What is that!?"
He could not help but yell out. However, Kannazuki gave no considerations to
Shidou's frantic shouting and inched closer to him with the other two guys.
"No worries, there's no need to be afraid. At first you'll feel a slightly cool sensation
down there but very soon that'll change into a pleasant feeling. I learned from
personal experience from my senior so there's no need for wariness."
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
90 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
As he spoke, the corners of his mouth twisted up.
"K-Kotori......?"
Shidou look towards Kotori. His manner of speaking sounded like a battered
battalion begging for mercy.
Afterwards, Kotori smiled in a profoundly cute fashion that resembled a resplendent
sunshine.
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
91 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
92 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
"I wish you good luck??Onee-chan."
Without any hesitation, she made her death sentence proclamation as she gave him
the thumbs up.
Three hours later.
"......W-Who is this!?"
Shidou couldn't refrain from shouting after looking into the mirror.
It couldn't be helped in this situation. After all, he saw a girl he had never seen
before reflected off the mirror.
His hair was dotted with lovely hair accessories and his hair was extended to the
point where it could even cover his back. A light layer of foundation was added to
his face, mascara and an eyelash curler were used to modify his eyes, and cherry
lipstick was applied to his lips. There was no way anyone would be able to
recognize that he was a guy.
The chest portion was propped up with breast pads and a bra was worn on top of
that. His arm and leg hairs were removed completely, turning his skin silky smooth.
He was a bit tall for a girl but Shidou's original appearance did lean slightly on the
feminine side. If no one were to point out he was a disguised as a girl, there was no
way anyone could see through it. Actually, even if it was pointed out they would
most likely just brush it off as a joke.
At the very least, no one should be able to figure out that she is indeed Shidou at
first glance.
"Ooo, how unexpectedly fitting."
Kotori's eye opened wide in surprise as she spoke. Shidou on the other hand
grudgingly glared at Kotori.
"......You bastard, I won't forget this!"
"My my, your manner of speech is quite rude for a girl. Lastly, attach this on your
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
93 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
body."
"Huh?"
Shidou raised his brow. Kotori handed him something similar to a Band-Aid.
"Put this in your throat."
"What......? Like this?"
He placed it in his throat as instructed. Then,
"Now what's with......w-what happened to my voice!?"
Shidou unwittingly pressed against his throat in confusion.
Immediately after sticking on the strip, Shidou's voice became that of a cute girl.
"What do you think? It's a high performance voice modifier created from using the
most sophisticated <Ratatoskr> technology. By adjusting the numerical values, you
could even have a master detective's voice."
"What in the world would I use that for?!"
"Well, either way it turned out pretty satisfactory in the end. With that said, no one
should be able to mistaken Shidou for a boy."
As Kotori praised herself, the other members of the crew began to nod.
"Ara, this is really a job well done. Looking cute there Shidou-kun."
"How detestable, he's clearly a boy yet the makeup suits him so well. Is it because
he's young......?"
"Hahaha, I really want to take you in as my daughter-in-law."
"Hey hey, would you do it for fifty thousand yen?"
"This really was beyond my expectations Shidou-kun. Next time I'll have to
introduce you to a couple of good stores. What, it's nothing be to getting anxious
over. The employees there are your colleagues and they're very friendly."
Thump, Thump! After Kotori knocked on the heads of Mikimoto and Kannazuki,
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
94 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
she glanced at the main monitor which had Izayoi Miku displayed on it.
"Well then, the rest is up to whether or not Miku takes a liking to Shidou......Shidou,
when's the next time you guys will meet?"
"Eh? Hmmm......"
Shidou counted off the days with his fingers.
"It should be next Monday. After school they'll begin preparing for a meeting, so I
should be able to at the time......"
"I see, hmmm......there's nothing we can do if she won't be available till then."
Immediately after, Kotori quickly spun back around and pointed towards Shidou and
the ship's crew.
"Starting tomorrow, spend the entire day training Shidou so he can single-handedly
take on the role of a girl! Shiizaki, Kawagoe, teach him how to put on makeup.
Also, make sure he is imbued with the speech patterns of a girl! On Monday our
plan will be officially put into motion."
She announced this loudly to the others.
After Shidou took a deep sigh, he quietly muttered "Understood."
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
95 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
96 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 4
The familiar chime signifying the end of class shook Shidou's eardrums.
It usually symbolized the release from lessons, but right now for Shidou it was a
warning sound on the same rank as the spacequake alarm.
That was because today was September 11th, Monday.
From now on the students from various schools would enter into preparations for
the Tenou festival?and the executive committee had to go to the venue in Tenguu
Square to do a check of the area.
"?Well, it's time. Hurry up and get ready."
From the intercom equipped on his right ear, Kotori's voice could be heard.
"...Got it."
Shidou slowly stood up from his chair, and walked towards the lockers.
"Nu? Shidou, where are you going? Aren't we going to check on the Tenou festival
venue?"
Finding Shidou's actions to be abnormal, Tohka called out.
"Ahh... gimme a moment. Go ahead and prepare."
"Mu? O-okay..."
Tohka seemed confused, but for the moment nodded, and watched Shidou's back
disappear.
In the same way, Origami had been staring at him, but he acted as if he didn't notice
and left the classroom, retrieving a large bag out of the lockers and walked towards
the depth of the school.
"It'll probably be fine here."
He then stepped into the mens restroom in the furthest depths of the school, locked
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
97 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
himself into a stall, and opened the bag that had been slung over his shoulder.
Inside was a neatly folded girls' uniform. ...'If anyone saw me like this then my life
will really be over', thinking something like that, he took it out, and quickly started
changing. By the way, in order to hide his body's shape slightly better it was a
cardigan. It was a bit hot but his back and stomach couldn't be changed.
He then took out a mirror, and utilizing the make-up skills that were drilled into him
the whole day yesterday, he decorated his face.
Finally, he put on the wig and the voice changer, and the transformation was
complete.
"Mm... something like this huh."
"Shidou, your tone."
"...Something like this?"
Reminded by Kotori, he replied with a female tone. ...For some reason he felt like he
wanted to die.
However, it was not good to be negative. Without self confidence, something that
could be accomplished could even become impossible.
Shidou stuffed the clothes that he had been wearing until then into the bag, and
slinging the bag on his back, opened the door to the stall.
Then, he noticed that there was a person by the urinals. It was Tonomachi.
"Hey, Tonomachi."
He gave a light greeting like always while he passed behind Tonomachi.
"Hey... huh?"
However, seeing Tonomachi's reaction, Shidou let out an 'ah' in a small voice.
"W-who... are you? Wh-why are you in the guys restroom..."
Tonomachi stuttered, and immediately blushed and turned his back to Shidou.
"Ah, w-well... Ohohohohoho"
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
98 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Excusing himself with a laugh, Shidou dashed out of there at full speed.
"Why did he have to go to such an out of place restroom today of all days...!"
Confirming that Tonomachi wasn't chasing after him, Shidou immediately slowed
down. ...Running caused his skirt to flap, and somehow that felt weird.
"...How can girls stand walking around outside wearing such a skimpy thing...
Wouldn't just taking a slightly larger step cause their panties to be seen..."
By the way, right now Shidou was wearing shorts underneath the skirt. ...Regarding
what was inside them, well, no comment.
"It's a good opportunity, so learn a bit about the hardships that girls face. It's also for
the future."
"...Sure sure."
Shidou gave an apathetic reply, and like that walked towards the entrance of the
building.
The three-person group Ai-Mai-Mii were already there, having a conversation
about various unimportant things.
Shidou gulped, and holding back his nervousness, placed his hand over his chest.
...Squish, a weird feeling. Now that he thought about it, he was wearing the
<Ratatoskr> special made super realistic breast pads. At that overly realistic feeling,
his face turned slightly red.
"Sigh... the road ahead will be difficult. For now, just go with what we practiced."
"O-okay."
Pulling himself together, he shook his head around and proceeded towards the three.
After taking a deep breath, he called out to their backs.
"U-uhm."
"Nn?"
"Eh?"
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
99 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
"Huh?"
Each responding in their own way, the three of them turned around and inspected
Shidou closely. ?They're probably going to see through it. If they do then maybe
rumors like 'Itsuka Shidou likes crossdressing' will start spreading. Negative
thoughts floated through his mind.
Shidou nervously waited for their words, and the three of them tilted their heads
perplexedly.
"What's wrong? Do you need anything?"
"You're so tall, you're like a model."
"Isn't that cardigan hot? Or are you sensitive to the cold?"
It seems that they had not realized it was Shidou. For the moment he let out a sigh of
relief.
"Uhm, you are Yamabuki-san, Hazakura-san, and Fujibakama-san right? Of the
Tenou Festival executive committee?"
"What, you, where did you get that information!?"
"It can't be, an enemy spy!?"
"What is your goal!"
Taking some kind of weird pose, they responded. But even then, it didn't seem like
they were really being cautious. He continued with a feeble smile.
"Uhm, I was told by Itsuka Shidou that he wanted a rest from the executive
committee today..."
"What did you say!"
"That Itsuka ran away!"
"Bring the fire! A witch has appeared!"
It seemed that tomorrow there will be a burning at the stake, but for now he acted as
if he hadn't heard that.
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
100 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
"Uhm, Shidou says you'll smack his balls if he comes, so as a boy--I mean as a girl,
I've come."
"Eh?"
Ai's eyes turned round in surprise.
"Mm, well we wouldn't mind that... or rather that'd be a great help..."
"In the first place, who are you? What is your relationship with Itsuka-kun...?"
"Also you called him without honorifics. Ohh, maybe a rival for Tohka-chan has
appeared?"
The three of them excitedly started to talk. Shidou hurriedly interrupted.
"N-no, that's not it... uhm, we're cousins, COUSINS!"
"Cousins... huh. What class? Your name?"
"Eh?"
Being asked unexpectedly, Shidou's eyes swam.
"I'm in class 1. My name is uhm, Itsuka... Shidomi... I mean, uhm... Shiori."
Stuttering, he uttered a suitable fake name, and the three of them huddled and started
a meeting.
A few seconds later, the circle broke apart and they started patting him on the
shoulders.
"There's quite a few things that seem off, but whatever."
"Glad to be working with you, Shiori-chan."
"Work hard!"
"O-okay...!"
It seems that somehow he had made it past the first barrier. He let out a sigh of
relief.
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
101 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Then, at that moment. He heard loud voices coming from behind.
"You definitely did something! Tell me, where did you hide shidou!"
"That is my question. If you don't answer then you will regret it."
He didn't need to turn around. It was Tohka and Origami. He did find it weird that
they were not at the meeting place yet, but it seems they had been searching for
Shidou.
"Hey, Tohka-chan, Tobiichi-san. We're over here."
Ai waved her hands, and Tohka and Origami turned their gazes towards this
direction.
"...Nu?"
Seeing Shidou, Tohka's eyes turned round.
Then for some reason she looked downwards, and as if sniffing, her nose twitched.
A few seconds later, she looked Shidou in the eyes with a convinced look.
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
102 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
103 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
"What are you doing, Shi?"
"...!"
Shidou hurriedly stuffed Tohka's mouth, and in a small voice so that Ai-Mai-Mii
wouldn't hear, he whispered to Tohka.
"...Sorry, Tohka, there's a reason for this. Can you act as if you didn't know?"
"Nu...? I-is that so. Mm, I understand."
Tohka gave a small nod, and in an excessively loud voice announced.
"Mm! Nice to meet you, girl who is not Shidou!"
"...N-nice to meet you."
A bead of sweat dripped down his face as he went to shake hands. The group of
three had slightly puzzled expressions, but satisfied it with dismissing it as usual
Tohka behavior, they didn't inquire about it any further.
Then?
"...!?"
Shidou involuntarily shut his eyes.
The reason was simple. Suddenly from below, a shutter sound along with a flash of
light appeared.
"Eh, ehh?"
Not knowing what was going on Shidou's was flustered, and the sound repeated
intermittently.
Finding it suspicious he looked there... and immediately found the suspect.
Holding a small digital camera that came from who knows where in a strangely
cool pose, Origami was continuously pressing the shutter button. Needless to say,
the one being shot was Shidou.
She had on her usual dry and flavorless expression, but for some reason, he thought
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
104 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
that her breathing was slightly wild, as if aroused.
"U-uhm..."
"Don't move."
Saying this, Origami pressed the shutter button once more. From the right, from the
left. At times calmly, at times passionately. With an intensity that would put a pro to
shame, she intently captured Shidou's figure into pictures.
"Look this way."
"E-ehh..."
"Good. Very good."
"U-umm..."
"Take off something."
"T-that would be troublesome."
Shidou didn't really want his current look to remain in records, but he didn't think
that Origami would listen even if he said that. He turned his face away in
embarrassment as he waited for Origami to become satisfied.
Seeing this scene, Ai-Mai-Mii started whispering to each other.
"Hey hey, wasn't Tobiichi targeting Itsuka-kun?"
"Was she someone who was also into girls?"
"Is she okay with anyone with the Itsuka last name? Targeting their DNA?"
...etcetera, they were just saying whatever they wanted to, but Origami didn't seem to
mind in the least. Lying down with her face up, she slid her hand through the middle
of Shidou's two feet.
"Wai, wha...!"
He held his skirt and drew back. However, Origami's hand that was not holding the
camera, had a tight hold on his leg.
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
105 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
"W-what are you doing!"
Unable to just watch, Tohka grabbed Origami's feet, and started to pull her away
from Shidou. Looking from the side, it would definitely be a surreal scene.
However, Origami, with a strength that couldn't be imagined from those thin arms,
kept her hold on Shidou's foot, and from the camera, *snap* *snap* *snap*... the
shutter sound rang continuously.
"Wa, n, g-gyaaaaaaaaaahhhh!?"
Shidou's face turned red, as he let out a scream that was more girly (at least more
than Origami) than any girl's.
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
106 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
107 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 5
The Tenguu Square that will be the hall for the Tenou festival, is a large convention
center located in the middle of the Tenguu city.
There is a central stage in the middle and big exhibition halls constructed in its
surrounding. The main block prepared for the Tenou Festival is the east block from
hall 1 to hall 4.
"……….so, Kotori. Where is Miku?"
He talked to the Incam with a soft voice just in case.
Right now, Shidou was hiding behind the hall 2's equipment and was examining the
nearby situation.
Although it was okay when he was going for a little toilet break…………..to use as
an excuse to get out from the place but, since Origami's eyes sparkled for some
reason and followed him, his stamina and time was taken away just to shake her off.
"Looks like you're finally alone. Miku is in Hall 1. It's the place with Rindouji's
booth set up."
"Hall 1………understood. I'll head there immediately."
After saying that, he quickly leaped out from the shadow of the equipment and ran
towards hall 1 while having the intention to let Origami and everyone find him.
Miku was easily found. There were a group of girls wearing navy blue sailor
uniforms in the back of hall 1-------and Miku was standing right in the center.
"Together with other students………….well, that's only normal."
"Well, we already expected this but, this is annoying. Even if you get close, they
might prevent a straight conversation by encircling and guarding the Empresssama."
"Can't we do something to isolate Miku? Like having someone from your side
disguise as a worker------"
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
108 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
"! Wait for a second, Miku is walking out."
Being told that, Shidou looked back in front.
It's true, according to what Kotori said, he found out Miku broke free from the
group of Rindouji female students, and walked somewhere alone.
"What………..? Toilet break?"
"Anyway, this is a chance. Go and chase after her."
"Ou, I get it."
"Tone."
"………….I understand."
Now that he thinks about it, he noticed he completely turned back to guy-mode when
he talks with Kotori. He cautioned himself to avoid getting his habit out at the last
minute while walking out to follow Miku.
Around a few minutes of following, Miku passed by the nearest toilet exiting hall 1,
and headed towards the Central stage located in the middle of the square.
She then passed the audience seat like that, passed under the rope with the words
[Unauthorized personal not allowed] written on it, and walked to the direction of the
back stage.
"Ah……………"
"Chase her, Shidou."
"U-understood."
After Shidou made up his mind and pass under the rope, he entered the back stage
just like that.
The wall was separated by one sheet and the nearby scenery was completely
changed so much that it was shocking.
Contrastive to a brilliant and dazzling stage, it was a space with no miscellaneous.
Various packages were piled up on both sides of the dim path, the width of the path
which was originally not that wide turned even narrower.
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
109 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
He walked through the path while having the intentions of not tripping over, when
he continued walking to the stage; he reached something that looks like a door.
And then, he took a peek from there.
"Ah…………….."
Shidou unintentionally let out a soft voice; Miku was standing right in the middle of
the stage, and taking a look around the hall.
Deja vu. It was the same scene he saw yesterday in the empty arena.
Was this the intensity of a Spirit? Or something called the aura of an idol? He was
overpowered by reflex and couldn't take a step forward.
Looking at Shidou like that, he could hear a given up sigh coming from the Incam.
"Don't get nervous when you haven't even met her yet."
"I-I understand.---------I just have to talk to her right?"
"Yes. If our hypothesis is right, then I think you won't receive that careless
treatment from last time."
"……….And on the off chance you are wrong?"
"I'll pick up your bones."
"…………oi..."
"It's a joke. [Izayoi Miku hates males] there is no mistake - judging from the
data, it is 8 or 9 cases out of ten. But, it's a different case if [Shiori-chan] is not
suitable by Miku's judgment, and there might even be a chance that she notices
Shidou is a guy. Please be careful."
"O-ou--------not that, I'll be careful."
Shidou made a deep breath and pulled his cheeks before stepping out to the stage.
Probably noticing Shidou's existence by the footsteps, Miku turned around.
"Oh my----?"
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
110 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Opening her eyes wide in surprise, Miku glared at Shidou as if she was examining
him.
Maybe, he was exposed to be a guy. Nervousness was tightening Shidou's heart.
"You are………..?"
"Eh!? I-I am………"
"Idiot, Shidou!"
Suddenly questioned by Miku, he said [I][6B 1] unintentionally. Miku tilted her head
in a surprised state.
"I…………?"
"Ah, errr, that's……….."
Shidou turned flustered while trying to somehow trick her. If he were to be exposed
as a guy here, then everything will go to nothing.
However, Miku showed a gentle smile in response to Shidou's fluster.
"You seem to use odd words---. ufufu………….but it has personality so it's
wonderful."
"…………! Affection level, mood, values are steady! It is not declining!"
The Crew's voice shook his right ear's eardrum.
"It looks like, she identified Shidou's male words as a
personality…………….well aren't we lucky. Okay, go on with your tone like
that."
"O,ou………….."
*Hou* He made a relieved sigh.
But, he can't wait for the opponent to respond. For the time being Shidou was about
to open his mouth and exchange some greetings.
However as if to interrupt him, Kotori's halt echoed from the Incam.
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
111 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
"------Wait. The choices are coming up."
On top of Shidou and Miku's image shown on the main monitor, a window was
displayed.
@ "You are Izayoi Miku-san right. Please sign this for me!"
A "What are you doing in a place like this?"
B "I'm sorry but, will you buy the underwear I am wearing right now for 30000
Yen?"
"All members, your choices!"
When Kotori shouted, the total results were displayed out on the panel monitor
close to her.
The winner was--------A, and also………………unexpectedly,B.
"A……………well it is proper for the beginning but…………why is B this
popular?"
"No, a guy would be a pervert but, she just told him he has quite the personality so, I
think an impact filled question from Shiori-chan mode is good…………."
"Judging by the harsh words for the beginning, we could see the opponent's
response. Hora, wasn't it a success or other during that time with Kurumi?"
Hearing the crew's words, Kotori [Fumu……….] placed her hand on her chin.
"Well………….okay. It's true; I wanted to determine Miku's permission line."
After saying that, Kotori pulled the mic closer and made an instruction to Shidou.
"W-wha…………are you serious!?"
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
112 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
"Shidou right now is a girl. It's just a form of a joke to the utmost. [A weird
girl] is okay, so it's important to get recognized."
"I-is it something like that…………"
Even when he heard the explanation, it still doesn't make sense until now but, it is
undesirable to keep Miku waiting any longer. Shidou made up his mind and opened
his mouth.
"Hey……..you"
"Yes---?"
"Th-the underwear I am wearing right now………….will you buy it for 30000 yen?"
"Heh?"
Miku's eyes opened wide into a perfect circle and she tilted her head. She looked
back at Shidou with those clear eyes while asking him in wonder.
"Huh, why is that?"
"Why is that…………even if you tell me that, errr..."
As if he was in trouble, when Shidou was hesitating to say it, *fufu* Miku made a
shape of a smile with her lips.
Taking a glance, it was a smiling smile. However, Shidou tensed his shoulders. The
other day, after showing that exact expression, he witnessed the constant abuse
spilling out from her.
However, what leaked out from Miku's mouth was not abusive slangs or cursing and
swearing words that could break Shidou's heart, but a very enjoyable vocal sound.
"Let's see. I don't like it if its money but, I'll think about it if I can exchange with
yours you know-----?"
"Eh……………Eeeh!?"
Unexpectedly being told that, Shidou's face turned red by reflex and he pushed down
the hem of his skirt. Looking at that, Miku made a strange laugh.
"Ahaha-----, it's a joke. Rather, shouldn't that be my reaction?"
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
113 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
"A,aah………so,sorry……….I was joking too."
For a while, both of them laughed together. But, silence immediately arrived.
Time was limited. Shidou searched for topics in order to somehow expand the
conversation.
"-------H-hey."
"Yes----?"
"Isn't this place…………..off limits?"
"Fufu, yes that's true-----. I'm sorry, I did something bad~"
While saying that, she made a prankster smile. Towards that very charming gesture,
Shidou *doki* skipped a heartbeat by reflex.
"But, if that is the case then you are also a bad child too---"
"Eh? Ah………"
Now that he thinks about it, that's true. Shidou swing his hands as if to make an
excuse.
"Ah, no. I was……….."
"Fufu, it's okay---"
And. While saying that, Miku closed in on Shidou with a carefree pace.
When she reached a spot where both of them can hear each others' breathing,
[Shhhh] she made one finger stand up in front of Shidou.
"Shall we make this our secret? It's a promise between naughty girls."
"Eh………..a-aah………!"
When Shidou took a step back before nodding, Miku made a joyful smile again.
Her face was the same. Her voice was also the same. The girl in front of him was
unmistakably the Spirit Shidou encountered the other day.
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
114 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
But, even though he understood that, the response the current Miku was giving out
right now was totally different from the cold-hearted empress in Shidou's
memories, so much that he thought there might be a chance there are 2 Spirits with
the same face like the Yamai Sisters……………..will the interaction be so different
just because the target's gender was wrong.
When Shidou was thinking about that, Kotori let out her voice as if to hit Shidou's
butt.
"Get a hold of yourself. Be on your guard."
"Ou…………I know."
"? Is something wrong---?"
"N-no, nothing ……….."
As expected, he was too close to Miku, to reply to Kotori. Coming from the Incam
he could hear [……….seriously] Kotori's giving up voice.
But, this time he could not reply to that. Rather than that, it would be correct to say
he had no time to reply. Miku was tilting her head while asking a question.
"Your-------that uniform, is it from Raizen-san?"
"Eh, aah, that's right so?"
"Hnn-----………..were you there in the meeting on the day before yesterday---?"
"No…………..during that time, I was a little sick."
"Aah, so that's the reason."
After saying that, Miku brought her right hand out forward to Shidou.
"Well then, going over this again----. I am Izayoi Miku from Rindouji female
academy. Nice to meet you---. Let's make the Tenou festival a success together."
"O-ou, nice to meet you."
He brought out his right hand and exchanged a handshake with Miku. Miku's hand
was small, and a little cold. While having the intentions of not exerting too much
power, he lightly grabbed her hands.
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
115 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
"………….?"
And, Miku made a smile while tilting her head.
He could not understand her intentions clearly. When he replied back by making the
same gesture, his right ears eardrum shook with a screech.
"Idiot, why won't you name yourself even though the other side already
introduced herself?"
"Ah…….."
Being told by Kotori, he continued his words in panic.
"Shiori………….Itsuka Shiori."
"Shiori-san is it-----. It's a nice name---"
"Tha, thank you"
He made a fuzzy smile while replying. When he did that this time, Miku dropped her
sights on the hand she was grabbed on.
"Such a strong hand. Are you doing any sports?"
"…………! Ah. …………….err, a little bit of volleyball……….."
When he suddenly picked a game that can make the skin of the hands thick, Miku
made a understanding nod.
"Aah, no wonder"
"Eh?"
"I thought it was cool to be so tall"
"Aah…………haha, I apologize for not really looking like a girl"
"That is not true. I think you are really cute"
"……..i-is that so..."
He was thankful to be praised but……………as a guy, it was a complicated mental
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
116 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
state.
Well, he could somehow agree with that compliment if it was directed to modern
cosmetics which showed tremendous performance. The guys in this world don't get
deceived.
"……….Fumu, not a bad value. If that's the case, it should be alright as long as
you don't make a big mistake. I want a little more of her response data. Go and
asked her some questions"
"Ah, ah, errr…………"
Following Kotori's instructions, he tried to squeeze out a question.
"Miku……….., what are you doing in here?"
When he asked, Miku let go of the handshake and turned her body around before
looking to the audience seats.
"------I love the stage---"
"The Stage…..?"
"Yes---. Everyone will want my songs. That space, I hold it very dear so much that I
can't stand it. That's why, the moment I saw this place when I was in the middle of
moving, I suddenly felt like standing on it."
"I see………….."
When Shidou said that, Miku made a strange smile.
"Shiori-san is the unusual one."
"Eh? W-why?"
"-----By any chance, have you not heard of my name before?"
"Eh…………err..."
That was clearly, not about the Izayoi Miku of Rindouji female academy she was
talking about, but rather she was pointing out the unidentified idol Izayoi Miku.
When Shidou was having troubling on determining his reply, Miku swung her head
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
117 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
slightly.
"Ahaha, looks like I caused some inconvenience to you---. Please do not mind it."
While saying that, Miku passed by Shidou with dancing steps, and headed towards
the stage wing.
"Well then, it's about time we go back---?"
She then turned her head around and looked back at Shidou.
"Originally, I was hoping for her to talk a bit more
but……………….unreasonably restraining her is also not good. There's no
choice, before she joins up with the other students, lets head to the direction of
making an excuse to meet with her next time."
"………Understood."
After Shidou made a soft voice to agree with Kotori, he turned back to Miku.
"Yeah…….lets go back. If someone finds us here we might get scolded"
"No---,I don't really mind about that---"
"Eh?"
When Shidou tilted his head, Miku once again made one of her fingers stand and
[Shhhh] made it stand in front of her nose.
"Wasn't this our secret?"
"…………..!"
*Doki* His heart skipped a beat from his negligence. His face must have turned red.
Whether she knew or not about Shidou's mental state, Miku made a smile and
walked away lightly.
"Hora, stop making your breathing wild. You don't have much time to be alone
together with her."
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
118 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
"O-ou………."
Shidou took a deep breath to calm his heart rate before entering the stage wing to
chase after Miku, and walking on the backstage path.
But, perhaps because he increased his pace to chase after Miku in a panic, Shidou
did not pay enough attention to the stage, unlike when he approached it. Meaning
something might happen-----
"U,uwa!?"
The hem of the skirt that he was not accustomed with caught on the edge of some
materials and he rolled down the stage.
"Ouchouchouch…………….."
"A-are you okay?"
Miku walked closer to him worried. In a panic, Shidou pushed down his skirt that
was flipped up. Although he was wearing short pants just in case, something
embarrassing was still embarrassing.
"Here, your hand."
"A-aah……sorry."
When Shidou took Miku's hand and was about to stand up------Shidou brought his
eyebrows together.
"Uh……….."
It would seem that he grazed his hands. He pulled his hands by reflex from the pain.
"This is serious---"
After Miku distorted her eyebrows in pain, she took out a handkerchief with lace on
it from her pocket and wrapped it around Shidou's hand. "No, you'll dirty it. This
small wound………"
"What are you saying. A volleyball player shouldn't look at a hand injury
lightly………I can only do this kind of treatment now, so immediately disinfect the
wound when you get back okay---?"
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
119 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
"Ah……….Thank you."
"No. Your hand please---"
He grabbed Miku's hand with his uninjured hand, and stood up. When he did that,
Miku finally showed a relief state and walked in front as if to guide Shidou.
And at the same time, *Fuu* he could hear such a sigh.
"Oh my my, you got escorted magnificently."
"Guh……………."
"It's not like I said you can't. Limited for this time, Shidou is a girl. Judging
from her response, it looks like Miku is surprisingly the type to hold the
initiative."
*Fufu* Kotori breathed out, and continued.
"What's more--------luckily, you seem to have made an excuse to meet her next
time. If your rolling down was intentional, then I was about to praise you about
it."
"Eh?"
"I'll explain later. It's okay; so do not make Miku wait right now."
"Mu……….I understand."
It's true, what Kotori said was correct. This time in order to avoid falling, Shidou
paid attention while passing through the path, they then crossed the non-authorized
personal rope and reached back at the Central stage.
"I'm sorry, you're a lifesaver."
He bowed his head quickly to express his thanks. Miku made a gentle smile while
swinging her hands.
"Nono, do not mind------"
But, Miku cut her sentence around there.
He thought it was strange for an instant but, he immediately found out the reason.
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
120 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Before he knew it, Origami forced her way between Miku and Shidou.
"Get away, Shiori."
She spread her arms as if to protect Shidou and send a sharp sight towards Miku.
"Are--, you are…….aah, that time. Now that I think about it, you are also from
Raizen high school?"
And, being glared by Origami, Miku raised her eyebrows as if she remembered
something. [That time] she was referring to, was clearly not referred to the joint
meeting from the day before yesterday. Most likely before that------- during the
Spacequake.
"What are you planning?"
"You sure say bad things. I don't plan on harming you, you know"
"Do you think I would believe that?"
When Origami said that, Miku made a troubled smile.
However, Origami didn't loosen her guard down for even a bit and took a peek
towards Shidou's direction.
"Shiori, what happened to that hand?"
Because she saw Shidou's injured hand, Origami's voice has a slight sharpness in it.
Maybe she thought Miku injured Shidou, or maybe she thought it was Miku's fault
he was injured. Shidou *Bun**Bun* swing his head to fix the misunderstanding.
"No, this is------"
"Shiori-san."
And, when Shidou was about to let out his voice, Miku stopped him.
Like just now, she made her index finger stand up to say [It's a secret] and winked.
"Ah…………"
"………….what do you mean?"
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
121 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
When Origami said that a little unhappy, Miku *ufufu* laughed. She then flipped the
hem of her skirt like that, and walked towards hall 1.
"…………….."
Origami was still not satisfied and was glaring at Miku's back but she was not
planning to pursue any further.
Instead, after Miku's back could no longer be seen, she turned her face to Shidou.
"I request an explanation."
"E-err………"
Somehow, it's going to be tiring from now on.
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
122 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
123 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 6
After school the next day.
Shidou was standing in front of the Rindouji female academy and was waiting for
Miku to finish school.
"-----Shidou, can you hear me? Class already ended in Rindouji. She should be
coming out now"
"Okay"
He replied back to Kotori's voice that he heard from the incam in his right ear, and
took out the stain-removed and washed lace handkerchief from his pocket.
Yes. This was the method Kotori was talking about in order to get in contact with
Miku.
It's true that he can make an excuse by using the title of returning the borrowed
handkerchief. Naturally, there might be a chance it might end right after she
received it but………………that could only be solved by <Ratatoskr>'s instructions
and Shidou's cleverness.
He was patiently in a watch out for Miku to come out from the school gate.
Nonetheless, because there was one student from another school with a different
uniform inside the group of female students with sailor uniforms, he attracted
unwanted attention. In an Un-calm state, he pulled down the hem of his skirt and
rubbed his legs together.
"What, toilet?"
"…………not that"
He replied back to Kotori's no delicacy words with half his eyes opened.
"Rather, Miku is from the Tenou festival executive members, so won't she have
work after school……….."
"Don't take in unwanted worries. We already investigated. It's true Miku is from the
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
124 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
executive committee but, we found out she would enjoy tea time with the girls she
took a liking to her house once a week without fail"
"Haa, what a graceful thing"
And, the moment Shidou said that, he confirmed a group of students were walking
out from the school building. It was Miku and her followers.
"She came. Let's go. Taking the values from yesterday into account, you probably
won't get a bad treatment"
"A,aah"
Shidou gulped before checking for the feeling of the handkerchief in his pocket, and
stood in front of Miku who was surrounded by beautiful girls that looks like
something from the daimyo's procession or a professor taking hospital rounds.
When he did that, she probably realizing that. A girl from the group stopped her
legs and send her sights to Shidou.
"…………? Is there something you need?"
The female student that was walking first tilted her head in question and asked.
"Ee,err, to Izayoi Miku-san yesterday at Tenguu square, i………….."
"Aah, are you by any chance someone from Onee-sama's fans?"
The moment Shidou said Miku's name, the girl shrug her shoulders as if she given
up.
"O,onee-sama…….?"
"It's not good you know. It's not like I can't understand your feelings but, Onee-sama
right now is in her private life. If you are her fan you will understand this right?"
"No, err, it's not that, I came to give back her handkerchief……….."
And, when Shidou made a troubled face and was trying to make an explanation, he
could hear a surprised voice coming from the back of the female students.
"Ara----? Shiori-san?"
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
125 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
When he looked over, he found out Miku was opening her eyes in surprise while
placing her hands on her mouth.
He made a quick bow. In panic, the eyes of the female student that was blocking
Shidou just now was starting to swirl around.
"Yo,you were onee-sama's acquaintance. I-I made such a rude…………"
"N-no, don't mind it"
When the female student and Shidou were having a bowing contest, Miku walked
forward.
"Is there something----? There is no joint meeting today you know----?"
"Ah………….I came to give this."
After saying that, he took out the cleanly folded lace handkerchief from his pocket.
When he did that, Miku [Well] opened her eyes wide and looked at Shidou's face.
"It's okay even if you didn't mind it, really."
"No, I can't have that happen right"
When Shidou said that in a clear tone, Miku *kusu**kusu* laughed exaggeratedly
strangely.
"Well then, I will receive it. Fufu, but it's a little regretful---"
"Eh……….?"
Shidou tilted his head from Miku's words while she was receiving the handkerchief
from his hands.
"I-is something not okay?"
"No, it's not about that----"
Miku made a prankster smile while continuing.
"I anticipated a little that Shiori-san will invite me to tea or something---"
"…………….!"
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
126 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Shidou felt his heart was going to fly out. His face must probably be red.
He does not know whether she was doing it based on calculations or she was a
natural airhead, but it has a tremendous destructive power. Shidou's slightly left over
thought capability left in his head was having, [I have to study more………..] such
an unwanted calm commentary was given.
And, when he was thinking about something like that, Shidou's eardrum was hit with
Kotori's screech.
"Why are you going blank on top of that wandering you maggot. Even though
it's like a joke, the opponent is saying something like that you know? Why
won't you say at least one clever word"
Shidou suddenly twitched his shoulders before looking back at Miku.
"E,err"
"Hai?"
"Then…………..by all means, I want to thank you for the handkerchief
but……………how about………tea together?"
When Shidou said that, Miku made the most charming smile until now.
"Of course, I'll be glad to---"
To a place which didn't take about 5 minutes from the Rindouji girl academy, Izayoi
Miku was there.
It has a characteristic western style blue roof and a white wall. In the attentively
groomed garden, there were various types of flowers blooming; it felt like seeing
an illusion as if it was another world separated by a wall.
It was easy to imagine how a girl would react after coming to a place like this for
the first time. In reality, Shidou too despite thinking it was a little on purpose,
showed a deeply moved gesture.
……………well in result, he got a gentle smile from Miku and [………pu] a
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
127 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
suppressed laugh send from the Incam.
"……………….."
Passing through the parlor of the mansion that looks like something from a picture
book, Shidou sat down alone on the sofa in a restless state. Yes. In pro forma as far
as it goes, Shidou was supposed to be the one who invited her for tea but he ended
up intruding Miku's house while being invited by her.
"Somehow………………it's kind of scary with the *Ton**Ton* beating too
much……………"
"Isn't that alright, making things short. As for the values, it is gradually going
up. A visit without Shiori-chan's appointment was working more than expected
in results. It's a nice feeling"
"That won't happen though…………"
After saying that, Shidou realized a certain something.
"…………hey, it's kind of too late now. Miku hates males right? If by any chance,
the seal went smoothly in Shiori mode then, what will happen if I turn back to
normal?"
Certainly, even to a sealed Spirit, a part of their Reiryoku should counter-flow back
when their mental state get extremely shaken. If the man-hater Miku finds out about
Shiori-chan's true identity then, what will happen……………..it was a situation he
trembled in fright just thinking about.
"……………….."
Kotori kept quiet for a few seconds before succeeding in her words.
"I'll give that uniform and cosmetics to Shidou then"
"Oi!"
"Is there something wrong----?"
The moment he shouted, he could hear Miku's voice from behind. He made a fuzzy
smile and tricked her.
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
128 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
"No, there was a cat outside the window………….."
"Oh my, oh my---"
Miku said that with a happy smile while setting down the tray on the table, she then
poured black tea into an expensive looking teacup.
"Kind of sorry about this, the one that did the inviting was me and yet everything
from here and there was………."
"Nono----. Consider it as a good thing since I managed to get some nice tea leaves.
What's more, to be able to pass tea time with Shiori-san itself is more than enough
for thanks----"
"No…………I did do something bad to that girl…………"
After saying that, he remembered back the girl that was together with Miku just now.
It would seem she was the one originally supposed to be called over to Miku's
house, the moment Miku responded to Shidou's invitation, she made the face of the
[The weeping woman] by Picasso.
However, Miku swung her hands as if she was not really bothered by it.
"Please do not mind about it. She is properly a reasonable good girl. ------more
importantly, is your hand okay?"
"Eh? A,aah. Completely"
"Ufufu, as expected, someone doing sports is stronger---"
While saying that, she sat down on the chair opposite of Shidou and took a sip of the
black tea.
As if he was hooked by Miku, Shidou also [Itadakimasu] put the cup into his mouth
after saying that. The wonderful scent spread inside his mouth, and went outside
passing through his nasal cavity.
"Wah………."
Miku was very much satisfied with Shidou's reaction. *Kusu**kusu* she laughed
and took one more sip of the black tea. "…………un, this is not bad. The goodwill
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
129 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
towards Shidou is slowly rising. What is this, at first I thought this was a hard nut to
crack but, we might unexpectedly make her fall fast if this is the case. You don't have
to hurry. For the time being, continue enjoying the conversation"
After Shidou made a small nod, he chose something suitable in his not so abundant
list of topics and started talking.
In reality, it was not something that great. Most likely, almost all of them were the
kind of talks that will not be remembered after some time passes.
But, because Miku responded to every single detail, for some reason it was oddly
getting heated up.
By the time he realized this, the needle of the clock was already at 8pm. It would
seem he was quite caught in talking for quite a long time.
"------oh my, its already this time---"
"! Sorry, I got caught into my talking"
When Shidou was preparing himself to go home in a hurry, Miku swung her head
elegantly.
"Nono, it was very fun---"
After saying that, she stared at Shidou's eyes. It was somehow embarrassing so
Shidou turned his sights away while making a fuzzy smile.
But, after Miku did not take of her eyes off him and continued staring at Shidou for
a while-----
"Un, as expected, it's nice. It's a type that has never been before---"
And, she nodded after agreeing with something.
"Shiori-san, I have taken a liking to you. Please start commuting to Rindouji from
tomorrow."
"……………..heh?"
In an instant, he did not quite understand what Miku's words meant and his eyes was
staring into wonder.
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
130 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
"To Rindouji………..?"
"Yes. Please transfer----"
"Err……………"
Shidou was bewildered while poking the incam twice. Immediately, he could hear
Kotori's voice.
"………………..there is no response here. At the very least, she does not have
the self-awareness of having that as a joke"
Shidou got even lost after the unneeded reasoning. What was Miku saying.
"What is she planning. ………………….I don't really want to harm Miku's mood
but, the risk is too high. We will modify to other points so decline her offer nicely"
Kotori said that. Shidou nodded to show he consented.
Miku probably thought of Shidou not replying is because he was pondering and
continued talking while mixing it with hand gestures.
"Of course, if money or education level is a problem then it is alright not to worry
about that you know---. I will request them. Ah, will you please tell me your house
address and size--? I will have the uniform send by today"
"W-wait a second. Please don't decide for me so easily, that kind of thing"
When Shidou said that, Miku raised the side of her lips while standing up from her
seat, and sitting beside Shidou. She then gently grabbed onto Shidou's hands and
brought her mouth near his left ear.
And then,
"----Please"
She let out such a sweet and soft voice
"…………….!?"
Shidou closed his eyes. The moment that voice shook his eardrums, he was struck
with a strong drowsiness.
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
131 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
It was like, the words infiltrated into his body through his ear and directly shaking
his brain making something like a hallucination. His conscious was filled with a
feeling similar to drunkenness, and he was about to nod to Miku's words in trance.
But, he felt it would get dangerous if the situation drags on. He bit the meat inside
his mouth and somehow managed to resist.
"Ev,even if you say that……….."
"eeh?"
When Shidou replied, Miku opened her eyes very surprised. She then kept quiet to
think for a while, and stared fixedly at Shidou.
"Shiori-san?"
"Wha,what…………?"
"------Please take off your clothes"
Again, using the [Voice] that echoes in his head like just now, Miku said that.
"E,eeh………..!?"
Understanding the meaning of Miku's words late by a beat, Shidou's face turned
redder.
"Tha,that's troubling, as expected that's……………."
He does not know what Miku's intentions were but, there is one thing that is very
clear, that is if he takes off this girl uniform then magic will be broken on Shiorichan.
Probably looking at Shidou's state, Miku corrected her attitude as if she was
convinced.
"As expected, it looks like you won't listen to my words---"
"Sorry, but that's……………."
Without hearing the end of Shidou's sentence, Miku let out her voice.------And, that
word was,
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
132 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
"Are you perhaps-------a Spirit-san?"
That shook Shidou's consciousness more than the [Voice] a while ago.
"Eh-------------"
From the word that suddenly came out, his body stiffened for an instant.
"Why, do you………….."
"Shidou!"
Kotori's voice suddenly appeared and Shidou swung his hands trying to trick her.
"Wha,what is that suddenly? Is it about a game? This is unexpected, Miku having that
kind of image----"
"Ahaha, it's okay-----,you don't have to unreasonably play a fool. To not listen to my
[Request], there is no way for a normal person"
While saying that, Miku made a smile no different from just now.
"No, rather, if you are a Spirit-san then I'm happy. I wanted to meet another Spiritsan
other than me you know. There should be a few right?"
"Wha…………."
"Hey, Shiori-san. Who on earth are you? Are you really a Spirit-san? Or are you
one of the companions of the group of people that call themselves Wizards?"
And then, after making a small sigh she continued.
"Is me meeting you just a coincidence? Or you have some kind of goal?"
"Tha,that's…………….."
"………….she is starting to get irritated. If we continue playing the fool then
the entire mood we made will all become nothing"
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
133 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
When Shidou shortened his words, Kotori said that.
"There's no choice……………it will become a bet though, let's change it
directly to negotiations. Shidou, tell her"
Shidou gulped before looking back at Miku.
He then made up his mind and opened his lips.
"…………….Miku. I am not a Spirit. Not a wizard too. I'm human"
When Shidou said that, Miku made a small sigh and showed a disappointed look.
"That is regretful----. Shiori-san saying such a lie------"
"-----------But, I have the power to seal a Spirit's Reiryoku"
As if to interrupt Miku's words, he quietly said that.
When he did that, Miku opened her eyes wide which were cast downwards and once
again stared at Shidou's face.
"Sealing………..Reiryoku? What is the meaning of that-----?"
"That is-------"
Shidou slowly told her.
He does not know the reason but, he was equipped with such ability.
And if he uses that ability to seal the Reiryoku then, the spirits won't be targeted
from the AST, and he will be able to give them a peaceful lifestyle in this world.
After finishing giving a brief explanation, Shidou looked back straight at Miku's
eyes and opened his mouth.
"If………….if you can accept believing what I said then, Miku, I want to save----
you"
"………………"
Miku was not responding to him and was listening silently to Shidou's talk; she
narrowed her eyes as if to immerse herself in thoughts for a while, and brought her
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
134 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
hands to her mouth.
Silence was flowing in the parlor. The sound of the clock ticking systematically and
his heartbeat felt unnecessarily very loud.
And probably wondering how much time passed, Miku made a small sigh.
"-------I understand. I will believe you. It does not sound like a voice that was lying--
--"
"………………..! Rea,really!?"
Shidou opened his eyes wide in surprise and his voice turned inside out. Honestly
speaking, this kind of absurd talk, even if it was a Spirit, he thought it won't be
simple to accept it.
Looking at Shidou's reaction, Miku made a wry smile.
"What is with that reaction. It's like you thought I won't believe in Shiori-san---?"
"No, that is"
"Ufufu, I am sorry. I teased you a little?"
While standing up and saying that, Miku slowly walked towards the window.
"It's true I was surprised but, from the looks of it, I think Shiori-san was not lying---.
------Also, although our meeting was an act, to think the reason of it was to save me,
it makes me happy----"
"A,ahahaha………….."
Somehow it was embarrassing so he scratched the back of his head.
"………….and, perhaps, has Shiori-san sealed a spirit's power before?"
"Eh? A, aah. I have. 4-----no, to be exact it's 5 of them"
"! Is that true? I didn't know there were that many Spirit-sans living here. I want to by
all means meet them. Can I request that?"
"A,aah. Of course! Everyone will be friends with Miku!"
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
135 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Shidou sprang out his voice. Thankfully it was a Spirit that was calm and
temperament, seriously. With this, things will go smoothly------ And, when he was
thinking about that. Shidou noticed another problem.
Speaking of which, he haven't told Miku about the way how Shidou seals the
Reiryoku.
According to Kotori, the values of her affection level and mood were not bad but,
he does not know whether she will honestly accept the kiss or not. Shidou tensed the
string of nervousness that turned loose again.
"So, about the method to seal……….."
And then, he tried telling Miku timidly. But-------
"Aah, its okay---, more than that"
"Eh……….?"
Miku opened her eyes halfway and continued.
"-----I believe your talk. But, it's okay if you don't have to seal my Reiryoku---"
"wha………."
From the unpredicted words, Shidou shorten his words. At the same time, Kotori's
voice shook his right ear's eardrum.
"Tsk…….that came"
Miku made a calm posture while moving her petal-like lips.
"That's because, isn't it obvious? Even in my current state with my Reiryoku with
me, I am still able to have a satisfying lifestyle---. There is no reason for me to
withdraw my powers. I think we could be good friends from now on but, this and
that is different"
"Tha,that's…………"
Shidou faltered. Now that she says it that might be exactly true.
Shidou and also <Ratatoskr>'s goal was to seal the Reiryoku, and provide a peaceful
lifestyle to the Spirits. But, to this <Diva> Izayoi Miku, was already living in this
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
136 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
world for around half a year before without <Ratatoskr>'s help.
"Don't say something stupid"
However, Kotori's displeasured voice shook Shidou's voice.
"What is a Spirit that caused a spacequake to occur a few days before saying"
"Ah……….."
"Also, the ideology of a Spirit does not matter to those people in AST. If they
noticed the Reiryoku, they will mercilessly attack. Now that Tobiichi Origami's
identity has been exposed, there is no mistake there will be observations. There
is no leisure time anymore. -------you must not be won over, Shidou. If you leave
Miku like that, she would even hurt her most precious thing" Flooded by
Kotori's rage, Shidou clenched his fist. -------yeah. Shidou breaking over here
would mean, bringing disaster to Miku, and various worlds surrounding Miku.
"Miku, 4 days ago, you caused a spacequake in front of Tatsunami station
right…………? Doesn't that mean, you weren't able to control your own powers?"
When Shidou said that, Miku made a surprised face.
"Oh my--? It's quite surprising you know about that---"
"Eh? Ah………well, err, I heard that from Origami"
He made a simple bluff. Miku distorted her eyebrows, but it looks like she would
not particularly pursue further.
"As expected it's dangerous. If we leave your Reiryoku alone, it might hurt your
fans or friends someday. I beg of you, please let me seal Miku's power……….!"
He stared into Miku's eyes and urged her.
However, Miku made a small sigh before slowly swing her head to the side.
"I am happy you are worried about me but, its unneeded"
"Wha, why "
He asked. Miku then said that in a not worked up state.
"That's because-------that spacequake was something that occurred by my own
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
137 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
intentions---"
"---------eh?"
For an instant, he could not understand the words Miku meant and opened his eyes
dumbfounded.
Certainly, there exists Spirits that can cause a spacequake by their own will. Then
other spirits-------then it was not strange for the <Diva> in front of him to do it.
But, even though he knows that, the question mark did not disappear from Shidou's
mind.
"Wh,why…………..would you do something like that"
It was a basic question. He completely could not understand what Miku's motives
were to make such an act to happen.
Miku then, in a state no different from just now, played with the tip of her hair while
started telling.
"During that time when I first met Shiori-san, I told you before right------. That I
love stages---"
"……..aah"
He nodded. It's true, the first time he met her as Shiori, Miku said something like
that.
"That time when I coincidently passed by in front Tatsunami station; there was band
from somewhere performing a live in the Tenguu arena----.------so. At that time I
only noticed this but, now that I think about it, I have never sang in the Tenguu arena
before ---"
"…………eh?"
"So, I quickly felt like singing. That's why, Eiya----h, like that"
Miku made a cute gesture and smile while saying that.
"………….uh, with such a ------- reason"
Shidou made a distorted expression as if he saw something unbelievable, and shook
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
138 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
his throat.
"To call it such a reason, isn't that harsh---"
"Because…………….there was a lot of people nearby right……….? If they were to
escape late then-----"
"That can't be helped ------. That's because, I wanted to sing you know---?"
On Miku's face who said that, there was totally no sense of guilt shown.
Rather, it looked like she didn't even recognize that as an evil act.
"………………, don't you think anything about it? To cause a spacequake,
something like…………."
"Nothing….......if I was asked that"
"If your friends……….yes, if that girl that you went home together after class today
was there, she might have died there you know!? If that happened, what are you
going to do!"
When Shidou said that in a shouting manner, for some time Miku made her sights
turn around as if to immerse in her thoughts before looking back at Shidou's eyes
again.
"That's……….would be a problem"
"!, right!? That's why-------"
"It would be tiring to find another girl that fit my taste again---"
"-----------, eh…………..?"
Shidou doubted his own ears.
Kurumi who took away lives of several people in her own intentions was
frightening. That malice, that murderous intent, helplessly caused Shidou's heart to
turn noisy.
But-------this girl.
Izayoi Miku who was in front of him, was clearly [Different]. That kind of thoughts
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
139 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
was one step ahead.
There were no killing intent in her act, words, and bad deeds.
While adapting to living as a human until this extend.
Her value system, death opinion, general idea was too detached from Shidou and the
rest.
"This is………unexpected"
He could hear Kotori's difficult voice. But, right now Shidou did not have the
leisure to reply back.
"Yo,u……………------won't you feel sad? Even if your friends that loves you until
like that……….…die because it was from your own fault"
"No, I do feel sad you know-----? That girl is one of the girls I took a liking to----.
But-----"
Miku placed her index finger on her chin while continuing.
"See, that girl, loves me very much, and isn't it her ambition if she were to die for
me----?"
---As expected, this was his limits.
He slams on the table with his gripped fist that was almost bleeding, and stood up
from that spot.
"Shidou, calm down! Don't get short tempered!"
Kotori's halt echoed but, he felt he couldn't control himself any longer.
He glared at Miku with sharp sights, and let out words that sound like a groan.
"Because………..she loves you……….?"
"Yes---. It's not only that girl you know-----? Everyone loves me very much----.
They would listen to everything I say----"
"I see………."
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
140 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Shidou lifted his face slowly.
"-------but I hate you"
"…………………oh my-----?"
Miku twitched her eyebrows.
"Prideful, arrogant, and intolerable. Everyone loves you? Hah!"
Carrying his right hand up, Shidou pointed at Miku.
"If everyone in this world loves you then………….by many times------I will deny
you and your actions……………!"
When Shidou said that, Miku's eyes turned black and white as if she was taken back
for a few seconds but, before long she placed her hands on her chin and narrowed
her eyes.
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
141 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
142 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
"……….fuun, hate, huh---"
She said that and violently distorted the side of her lips.
"When you say something like that, it makes me want to have you more. I want to
tease Shiori-san until her face turns mushy from crying while saying [I love you
very much]. Ufufu----, I wonder how long Shiori-san will still say she hates me---"
"……………I told you already. I won't become yours"
When Shidou replied, Miku turned even more entertained and made an innocent
smile.
"But---, you want to seal my Reiryoku. Is that right?"
"…………………"
Yes. That was Shidou's weak point. Although he left it to his emotions and speak
angrily, if he could not seal Miku's power then nothing would be resolved in the
end.
She probably felt that kind of thoughts in Shidou's expression. Miku smiled while,
*pon* hitting her hands together as if she thought of something.
"Let's see……….then, how about we have a match?"
"Match………?"
"Yes. Shiori-san wants to seal my Reiryoku. I want to obtain Shiori-san. But both
sides, has no plans to accept it. ------Do you think if we continue arguing any further
that we will reach an agreement?"
"……………"
She probably felt Shidou accepted it in silence, so Miku continued.
"That is why------let's have a match. Let's see………..if Raizen takes the best award
in the first day of the Tenou festival held this time, then I will let you seal my
Reiryoku, how about that----?"
"Huh……….? Tenou festival………..?"
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
143 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
"Yes-----. How about it? Don't you think it's interesting?"
"Err………then, what if Rindouji wins……..?"
When Shidou asked, Miku *ufufu* made a cute smile.
"At that time, Shiori-san and the 5 spirits that had their Reiryoku sealed by Shiorisan
will all belong to me"
"Ho,how selfish……….! There is no way I can do something like-----"
Shidou gasped---------at that moment, he raised his eyebrows in one more question.
"Wait a second. Why………..is it on the first day?"
When he asked, Miku made a smile.
"Isn't that determined. If I win on the first day, then I will get to enjoy the Tenou
festival with the Spirit-sans on the 2nd and 3rd day you know? Also-------"
Delayed by a beat, Miku continued her words.
"-------if I'm correct, the stage performance on the first day was having musical
presentations as its main"
Hearing those words, Shidou felt something cold expanding in his stomach.
"…………! Don't tell me, you---------"
She probably guessed by Shidou's state, Miku deepened her laugh while continuing.
"Yes. I don't really want to appear out in public but, if it is for the Spirit-sans then its
special.--------I will stand on stage on the first day"
"Wha………..!?"
Shidou gasped. In addition to the opponent being the invincible Rindouji, if the
mysterious idol that has never revealed herself performed at that place then it might
cause a big commotion. It won't be strange if the Miku fans that would never turn up
in Tenou festival to rush over.
If that happens then it's inevitable---------Rindouji would probably have a steady win
in the stage division.
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
144 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
"Ufufu, let's see, why don't we have a direct match. Shiori-san please do something
in the stage performance too"
"Wha, what……………that kind of thing, won't it be over advantageous for your
side!"
"Is that so-----? I don't think it's like that though. To me, [Giving you a match] itself
is compromising. It's true I want Shiori-san but, it is not like I would be troubled if I
don't get you----. In regards------how about you?"
"Guh……….."
Shidou groaned regretfully.
In any case, this was what Miku was saying.--------if you want me to seal my own
Reiryoku then you have no choice but to accept this disadvantageous match.
"Well, what are you going to do-----?"
Miku asked smiling.
Shidou had no choice but to bring his head forward.
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
145 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
146 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Chapter 3: Edit Time
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
147 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
148 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 1
"… So, is there anything you want to explain, Shidou?"
It was night. After coming out from Miku's home, Shidou was transferred into the
commander's room by Fraxinus transportation device. What stood before him was
his unusually imperious sister.
"I'm… sorry…"
Shidou, in cold sweat, knelt and said.
Shidou was at the center of the room, surrounded by Kotori and the other crews. …
It was like an accused person being judged in court.
"What were those "I hate you" and "I don't approve of you" lines of yours? You
were about to make it. Seriously, you tend to tell unnecessary things that you feel
like telling huh?"
"B-but… she was so wrong. How could she treat people's life as nothing? No… That
"voice" of hers makes people fall in love with her so no one was able to tell her
things that are wrong or cannot be done. In that case, I would just…"
"Even so, you don't really have to tell that out loud, at least not during that time."
"Gu…"
Interrupted by Kotori's words, Shidou could no longer reply anything.
"Well it is true that Miku Izayoi may be twisted. And she has to be properly
counseled once her power is sealed. Though, isn't that exactly the reason why her
power has to be sealed as early as possible? Why did you have to ruin everything
you cross-dressing freak?"
"…Wait, wasn't it you guys who dressed me like this!?"
Offended by Kotori's unreasonable words, Shidou defended himself. However, it
didn't seem like Kotori was actually listening. Ignoring that, Shidou continued
talking.
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
149 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
"But anyway, how was Miku's affection level? I didn't hear anything about it from
the earphone."
"Well, Miku's affection level didn't really drop for much. After getting anxious for
being criticized by you, she still managed to calm herself down later. "
"See! There's no prob-"
"Yeah, there's no problem- so long you can beat her on stage."
"……"
As Shidou was about to raise his head, he dropped it down back instead.
Looking at Shidou, Kotori sighed heavily and put her legs together.
"-Anyway, it can't be helped since you have accepted her challenge. Just join the
performance and leave the rest to us."
"Y-you would help me?"
"Of course. Think about it, what was <Ratatoskr> founded for? Since the situation
has come to this, we'll just have to try winning. Are you people listening?"
"Yes, Madam!"
Kotori said as she placed her arms together on her chest, and the crews responded to
her.
"That being said, Miku is an idol. It won't be easy to win. So Shidou, what will you
be performing on the first day?"
"Eh? It is…"
As Shidou spoke, he had a flashback. He remembered Ai, Mai and Mii wanting to
participate in the concert.
"I think… it is a music band performance."
"A music performance? Haha, isn't that nice? It is your expertise after all.
"Eh?"
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
150 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Not understanding what Kotori said, Shidou showed uncertainty. Then, Kotori
pressed the controller on her left side and turned on a video on the screen in the
room.
"Yike…!?"
Looking at the screen, Shidou panicked.
The screen was showing Shidou sitting on bed in his room. He was a middle school
student, playing an old guitar. He might not be very skilled, but he was much better
compared to the other students of his age.
Though, the funny thing happened afterward. He was too indulged in his own world,
playing his guitar and singing his own lyrics at the same time.
Yes, it was during his middle school age. Perhaps due to adolescence, he was acting
like a cool guy, showing a somewhat "this guitar is the only thing that understands
me" aura.
Well of course, he then sealed this very memory of his later before he entered high
school due to embarrassment.
"What a hard-trained skill you have got there huh… Pu~ At last it has become of use
eh… kukuku…"
Kotori shook her shoulders, said as she tried to hold her laughter. As Shidou looked
around, all the other crew members were holding off their laughter as well.
"Hey- W-why is this video…!"
"Well, we recorded it because it would become of use some day-… pu-puu!"
Just then, Shidou in the video reached the climax. He suddenly jumped off from his
bed, pulling his guitar's strings exaggeratedly. Kotori could no longer hold her
laughter.
"N-nooo! Please stop iiiiit!"
As Shidou shouted, the music in the video stopped.
Thinking that he was finally rid of embarrassment, he looked at the screen again. In
the video, Shidou was shown sitting on the bed again, talking to the air, as if he was
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
151 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
being interviewed.
「Yes, yes, since I lack good communication skills… I could only express my thought
through playing guitar. So I don't really feel like playing but instead,
"communicating" with it. 」
"Hey!!! Please stop the video already!!!"
As Shidou, with goosebumps all over his body and tears all over his face, begged,
the video was finally stopped.
Seconds later, as Kotori finally calmed herself down, she snapped her finger.
"Well, at least you're better than an inexperienced kid. Well of course, I'll get you the
best trainers. From now on, I'll have you trained so hard that you can even play
guitar while sleeping. Mikimoto!"
As she spoke, the <CEO> Mikimoto operated his controller.
"Yes, Madam. I'll get the best facilities."
Kotori nodded her head, and looked at Shidou once again.
"So, what's the song title?"
Kotori asked nonchalantly. Shidou worked on his mind, and said.
"…I'm not sure. …But I guess it's a remake."
"Well it won't be so interesting then.-Minowa!"
This time, it was the <Probation Officer> Minowa who operated her controller.
"Now, go and ask professional singers for help, and then choose the best song for
the performance."
Nodded as Minowa spoke, Kotori continued asking.
"So, what do you guys know about Miku's performance?"
"That… I can't possibly know that, can I?"
"Then… Shiizaki!"
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
152 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Just like Mikimoto and Minowa, the <Voodoo Doll> Shiizaki started operating her
controller.
"Send some spies into Rindouji All-Girls Private School and find out the
performance list on that day. Is there a need to interrupt them?"
As Kotori heard of Shiizaki's malicious suggestion, she had a deep thought. Not
long after, she swung her head.
"This might be able to help us, but it would sever Miku's emotion. It'll be best if we
can still manage to win even when she tries her best. Winning might be our priority,
but it'll be better if we can make her admit losing."
As commands were given, Shidou blankly stared at how Ratatoskr members were
doing their work.
"Wow… you guys look amazing."
"As I said, we have to go all-out since our target this time is an idol. It's all thanks to
that ‘someone' who rashly accepted the challenge."
"Gu… I'm really sorry for that…"
"Hmph, never mind. It's not like we had any better choice that time. Besides…"
Kotori took out her lollipop from mouth and turned her head to the side.
"Well… it felt kinda good to see Shidou getting angry at Miku that time…"
"Eh…?"
Kotori shook her hands, and put the lollipop back to her mouth.
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
153 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
154 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 2
"…Are you guys serious?"
Ryouko spoke softly, staring at the people before her.
There were about 20 members crowded in the command room of Japan Ground
Self-Defense Force.
The ones who were sitting beside her were the original AST members and those
who were standing before her were supplementary members sent by the DEM
Industries.
Jessica, one of the supplementary members, spoke.
"Of course. Since you don't believe it, would you want me to show you the order
file signed by the top executives?
"Then let me rephrase it. ?Are you people crazy?"
Even as Ryouko questioned rudely, Jessica let out a smile on her face.
Ryouko, stunned, took a look at the file again.
What was written on it was something unbelievable.
-Spirit <Princess> Capture Operation.
The girl who was studying in Raizen High School? Tohka Yatogami had to be
captured since she had been identified as a spirit.
Though, this was still a little acceptable. It was sure that Tohka Yatogami did look
like the spirit <Princess>, and since there were symptoms of spiritual waves found
within her, her existence could no longer be ignored.
"Well, we can't possibly ignore a spirit doing dangerous thing like going to school,
can we?"
Ryouko said as she read the order file.
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
155 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
"But, well, what about this one?"
"What? What do you mean?"
"Don't play dumb. Why is there a normal person in the target list?"
Yes. Other than Tohka who was suspected to be a spirit, there was yet another target.
Shidou Itsuka. Details??confidential.
"So does that mean that even this kid is a spirit…?"
"It's top secret. Though, he's one of our most important targets."
"But this is…"
"Well, let's take it this way. You are not obligated to understand the situation."
"Tsk…"
Ryouko, as she looked at Jessica, gritted her teeth and continued reading the order.
"Wait, what is this… -Operation date, September 23, Saturday. Location, Tenguu
City, Tenou Festival venue…?! What the heck are you guys thinking?! Isn't our
equipment supposed to be a secret?! Yet you are asking us to carry out the operation
in front of so many people… No, the real thing is-- how are we supposed to fight a
spirit at such a crowded place? Do you people even know what you are planning?!"
Ryouko was so anxious that she was about to scream. The targets were not the only
problem they were going to face.
Perhaps, the Tenou Festival venue would be the most crowded place in Tenguu City
on that day. Yet, AST members were asked to help capture both Tohka and Shidou
right within the crowd of citizens.
On top of that, the ones who would be directly carrying out the operation were the
members sent by the DEM industry where as Ryouko and her other AST members
were only in charge of surveillance and information gathering. As they would not
be on the scene, Ryouko would never manage to stop them from doing things
recklessly.
"I don't understand why you people have to do this! What exactly is the reason for
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
156 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
all this…?"
Contrary to Ryouko's reaction, Jessica let out a cool breath.
"It's a ceremony. It's to give our enemies a greeting. ?So, no matter how risky it is,
we have to make it a great one."
"Huh…? Enemies? Greeting? What are you talking about…?"
Ignoring what Ryouko said, Jessica stood up as she smiled sinisterly.
"It's okay if you cannot agree with the operation. Just complain about it to the top
executives if you have an objection. We would cease our operation if you can do
that."
"W-Wait!"
Jessica ceased her steps. Though, it wasn't because Ryouko tried to stop her. She
turned her head to Ryouko, as if she thought of something else.
"-Oh yes, I forgot to tell you something. Please, do not reveal this operation to
Tobiichi Origami."
"Origami? Why? She is one of our best AST members, there's no reason she-"
"Just for this time. There's a high possibility that she would interfere with our
operation. Besides, it's not like she is needed that much since you old seniors won't
directly participate in the operation, is it?"
"I don't recall you having the authorization to meddle with our team management
here."
"I'm sorry but that is also one of the orders by the top executives. Well, good luck."
As the conversation ended, Jessica left the room along with the other DEM
members.
"Gu...! Why, why is this happening...?"
Ryouko, angered, pounded the table with her fist.
Books and other documents on the table moved for a little and a few pieces of
papers fell onto the floor.
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
157 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
-At that moment.
"...Huh?"
Ryouko noticed a document with "Shidou Itsuka" name on it. She frowned.
"...Now that I think about it, "Shidou" sounds so familiar. Where have I heard of that
name..."
As she spoke to herself, she recalled what Jessica said.
"Origami... restricted to participate... -Oh yes."
Ryouko was shocked as she turned her eyes big and round.
Shidou Itsuka. The name of the "lover" Origami told her about.
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
158 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
159 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 3
"Hey Shidou, ya know. Love... is such a great thing."
It was September 13th, a day after the promise with Miku.
As Tonomachi spoke in a similar facial expression as Tohka's when she was put into
trance using "onii-chan" honorific, Shidou sighed.
"...What happened?"
Tonomachi, dissatisfied by Shidou's annoying response, continued speaking.
"I... think I met my destined one."
"Uh huh. So you found another cute girl somewhere again huh?"
"Yes, yes. It was yesterday. I met such a perfect girl."
"Oh is that so."
"In the guy's washroom."
"P-pu...!?"
Shidou coughed as he heard what Tonomachi said. Though, it seemed like
Tonomachi comprehended Shidou's response wrongly as he held his arms together,
nodding his head hard.
"I can understand your response, Shidou. She actually hid in the toilet just to wait for
me."
"No way."
"It must be it. You know, this girl even knew my name."
"No... that's because..."
Shidou scratched his hair. Ignoring that, Tonomachi, with full of excitement,
continued speaking.
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
160 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
"This must be a twist of fate. She hid there just to stay alone with me. I should have
asked her for her name..."
"...Oh, really..."
"Hey... What's wrong with you? You think I was lying? I wasn't, it's true. She's about
your height, and she has body size similar to yours... And the greatest thing was that
I felt like I have known her for a long time. Yes, yes, she was just like you."
For an instance, Shidou thought that Tonomachi would have mentioned that the girl
was actually Shidou himself. Though, it couldn't be possible seeing how Tonomachi
was acting.
Shidou, thinking that he shouldn't get himself involved in this slapstick any further,
stood up.
"Huh? Where are you going?"
"Thanks to your recommendation that I have to be in charge of the implementation,
you jerk!"
As Shidou said, Tonomachi let out a smile.
"Haha, really sorry about that. Well since everyone's working so hard, you can
actually look forward to being the one to take the award on the stage if we won."
"Uh huh, then I'll be looking forward to it."
Shidou said as he walked out from the classroom, with a bag that contains costumes
he just took from a cabinet. Then, he had to switch into Shiori and to join the
students who were preparing for the performance during the festival.
"...So,where should I change my dressing?"
"Won't it be fine if you just do it in the guy's washroom like yesterday?"
As Shidou mumbled to himself quietly, Kotori answered.
"No, it would be bad if mistakes like yesterday repeated again..."
"Then won't it be fine if you just change in the girl's washroom to begin with?"
"Won't there be more troubles doing so...?"
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
161 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
"What are you worried about? Are you worried if there's any girls in the
washroom after you finish changing? It would be just fine if you paid more
attention when entering."
"No, this is not the problem..."
"Anyway just hurry. Or I'm not letting you wear anything under your skirt."
"...Alright."
After struggling so much, this would be the final answer he obtained, if he rejected
it, there simply wasn't any other way anymore. Thus, Shidou reluctantly entered the
girl's washroom.
"Guess no one... is inside"
Shidou took a peek into the girl's washroom, at the inner region of the school. After
confirming there was no sound in the washroom, he entered into it.
At a very sudden moment, three of the rooms were opened.
"Ah-, got saved at last- "
"I thought there was no need for a toilet at such a place, guess it is still quite handy
sometimes eh."
"Yeah, we almost became subjects for the perverts."
Ai, Mai and Mii, in relief, came out of the rooms in the washroom. Then, they let
out "Huh? Huh? Huh?" sound and stared at Shidou, who just stepped into a forbidden
territory.
As Shidou ran away from the washroom, he heard some loud voices from his back.
"Wuahhhhhhh!?"
"A p-pervert!"
"A molester!"
"Why did that happen right when I just wanted to enter..."
Shidou ran in the hallway, with a barely crying face.
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
162 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
...Eventually, he ended up changing in <Fraxinus>.
He regretted not going with such a simple way to change his clothes. He slapped his
face as he told himself not to regret it anymore.
Shidou who just switched into Shiori, in the hope of participating in the
performance, reached the music room situated in the fourth floor of the school. He
heard that Ai, Mai and Mii seemed to be practicing there as well.
Well, they should have practiced for a lot before this. The chance of Shidou joining
them would be really slim at time like this.
As Shidou thought to himself, someone grabbed his shoulder from his back.
"Finally found you, Shidou. Where have you been?"
"I won't let you go from now on."
"Tohka... and Origami? W-Why are you two in this place...."
Shidou asked, with both his eyes turned round. The hands who were on his shoulder
belong to Tohka and Origami, who were supposed to be in the classroom.
"Uhn. I was looking for you after you were lost suddenly. I was worried that you
were kidnapped by Origami."
"I was thinking if Tohka Yatogami caught you. I'm glad you're still fine."
The two glared at each other as they spoke. Much to their annoyance, they turned
their heads to the side.
As Shidou helplessly smiled at them... "huh", Shidou let out a voice and turn his
head.
He was right in front of the music room. Pass the door, he could hear two kinds of
noise, one that sounded like musical instruments being played badly with another
one that sounded like quarreling.
"What is happening inside...?"
As he gently put Tohka's and Origami's hands down, Shidou moved closer to the
room in curiosity.
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
163 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Right at this time, the door was opened violently and Shidou was knocked in his
nose.
"Ouch... ...!?"
"Hmph, just do whatever you people want!"
"Yeah right! We have nothing to do with this anymore!"
Not noticing Shidou, two unfamiliar girls, completely furious, went down the stair.
"S-Shidou, are you okay!?"
Seconds after that, Tohka, worried, moved closer to Shidou. Although the pain was
so excruciating that tears were about to come out from his eyes, Shidou answered
"I'm okay..." and shook his hand.
Then, some people seemed to be talking in the music room.
"What a bunch of fools, I won't mind people like them quitting."
"Well, Ai... What should we do? There are only three of us left."
"Let's not care about music, we have to find a vocalist for now. Huh?"
Mii noticed Shidou, Tohka and Origami standing in front of the music room and
raised her eyebrows.
In the next instance, she told Ai and Mai about them-
"Capture them!"
Then, they rushed at the three.
"Oh, so that's how it is... Things happened before we realized it."
Ai said as she tilted her head.
Truth be told, Ai didn't do that intentionally, nor did she do that as she treated Shidou
and the other two as idiots. It was, simply, because she got knocked in the neck by
Origami when she rushed at her just now.
Now, there were six people in the music room. Ai, Mai and Mii, Shidou, Tohka and
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
164 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Origami.
Shidou told them that he wanted to join them in the performance on the stage during
festival as well as explaining to them that it was Miku Izayoi who asked him to do
so, without, of course, letting them know his secret mission.
"Hmm, sure, join us. Let's work together for Shiori to keep her promise!"
Ai said as she hit her chest. Perhaps due to overdoing it, she groaned.
"Hey, it's us who should feel bad since we're the ones who are desperately looking
for new members."
"Aww, it no longer matters. Look, we have 3 more members joining us! At last
we're saved."
"Eh?"
As he heard what Mii just said, Shidou was distressed.
"Ah, actually, Tohka... and Origami were just accompanying me..."
"Oh really? But they..."
Mai said as she pointed her finger to Shidou's back. Origami and Tohka were
playing the instruments.
"Hey... you two..."
Shidou smiled wryly as the two girls replied.
"I don't really know what all this is about, but I can't have you lose the competition."
"Yup, leave this to me!"
The two girls glared at each other and tilted their head.
"Uhm hey girls, don't you think we should get along with each other-"
"Yeah. Let's beat Izayoi!"
"Let's do this for Shiori-"
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
165 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
As Ai, Mai and Mii said, the two unwillingly agreed. As he saw this, Shidou could
finally take a breath.
Aside from that Tohka and Origami fighting again when he wasn't around, Shidou
thought that it would also be less stressful to have the two join the band as he didn't
know how well they could do.
"Hmm, wouldn't it be bad for all probationary student council members to practice
in a band?"
Mai said as she held her chin with her finger. Shidou answered calmly.
"Oh, no worries about it. I had asked someone to help with that."
Although Shidou did answer that calmly, he thought that it would still be good to
stop talking about details any further. It would be bad if he revealed things like
<Ratatoskr> to those girls subconsciously.
"Well then... I'd like to start the practice immediately but... Shiori, which instruments
can you girls play?"
Ai looked at Shidou as she asked.
"I'm the bassist, Mai's the keyboardist and Mii's the drummer."
"Uh-huh... Well... I think I could be the guitarist."
Of course, Shidou no longer saw the guitar as "the partner" anymore, though, when
the word "guitar" was told, he could feel calories were burnt inside his body. A book
would sell for much if this way of losing weight was written in it.
"Oh, not bad, not bad, a guitarist girl!"
"Yeah cool! Come, play a song for us!"
"So, what about the other two?"
When Mii asked Tohka and Origami, both of them thoughtlessly answered.
"Guitar, just like Shidou."
"Oh, so Tobiichi, are you experienced?"
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
166 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Origami shook her head.
"Just give me a day, and I can play it well."
"O-Oh..."
Although Origami's words sounded reckless, they sounded convincing as well. Ai
scratched her face.
Then, Tohka stared at Ai, Mai and Mii with her eyes shining, and asked.
"So, which instrument shall I play?!"
"Hmm, have you played any instruments before?"
"No!"
"So... which instrument do you like then?"
"No, either!"
"Uhm... then..."
"No!"
Tohka, without waiting for questions to be fully told, answered cheerfully.
The three girls had a discussion among themselves. A while later, they took out a
box from the depth of the music room.
Then, they talked to Tohka in a rather heavy tone.
"Tohka... we shall leave this to you."
"This is the legendary instrument that no one could master."
"But, if it's you, it might be possible to master. Could you do it...?"
As they told her in a mysterious tone, Tohka gulped.
"Uh... un!"
As Tohka nodded her head, the three girls opened the box and took out a shiny
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
167 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
object.
"This is it..."
Ai passed the instrument to Tohka. It was round-shaped, and there were pieces of
metals around it, it looked like.... Well, it was just a tambourine.
"T-This is the legendary instrument..."
However, Tohka trembled. She slowly swung the tambourine in her hand. "Shaa
shaa", a pleasant melody was made.
"Oh, ohhh...!"
Just when Tohka was enjoying it, Ai, Mai and Mii were shocked.
"W-Wow, you could play it the moment it was in your hands...!"
"Just as expected of Tohka! You can definitely master it!"
"Oh, the door of heaven has opened! The Saint of Music has descended upon us!"
Satisfied, Tohka continued playing the tambourine joyfully.
Relieved, Ai, Mai and Mii turned and looked at Shidou.
"Well, I guess the roles have been settled."
"You didn't bring your guitar, right? Think you can only start practicing tomorrow
then..."
"But before that, there's something that must be settled."
"What would that be?"
As Shidou asked, the three girls scratched their faces.
"Uhm- it's the vocalist."
"In fact, we can't really sing well..."
"If we are to sing against Miku Izayoi, we are screwed."
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
168 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
"Haaaa...", they sighed. Then, Mii continued speaking.
"Normally, it's either the guitarist or the bassist to sing, isn't it? So Ai, you should be
in charge of the vocals! Just show those people your striped panties on the stage!"
"Huh?! Why must it be me? Even a keyboardist could sing as well! Mai, you would
be the vocalist! Okay, it's decided!"
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
169 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
170 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
"Wait, won't a drummer be fine too? If Mii could play drums wearing glasses, she
should be able to sing as well, right? Won't it be more cool to have her sing?"
The three girls started quarreling.
"H-Hey, calm down, you girls..."
As Shidou was trying to bring down the fight, he thought of something.
"Oh yes... talk about vocalist."
Shidou searched his pocket and took out a CD Kotori gave him in the morning.
He then played it on a radio in the room.
Not long after, a rather loud song was played. Ai, Mai and Mii stopped quarreling.
"This song... who composed this song? Although there's no lyric, it sounds cool."
"Uh... actually, one of my relatives is an expert in music. He composed the song for
us..."
Shidou lied. Not bothering details, Ai, Mai and Mii continued asking questions
excitedly.
"R-Really?! This is awesome."
"So, does that mean we could use this song?!"
"Shiori, are you going to sing it?"
"Eh?! Well..."
Before Shidou could respond, a stage had been prepared for him. Tohka and
Origami swiftly sat before Shidou.
"Well then, let's begin!"
"Eh, w-wait!"
Mai began the music before Shidou could stop her. Panicked, Shidou drew out some
cards with lyrics from his pocket.
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
171 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
-Then, after 5 minutes...
"OOhhhh-!"
"......"
Tohka clapped her hands cheerfully where as Origami nodded silently, with her
hand holding a recorder.
Contrary to the two, Ai, Mai and Mii didn't look satisfied.
"Hmm..."
"Not too bad... I think..."
"Still... it didn't seem to be good as well..."
After listening to their comments, Shidou could give nothing but a wry smile.
Truth be told, the same response had been displayed when Shidou performed before
Kotori.
And because of that, Kotori suggested him "that".
"Hmm... I have a copy of a professional singer's singing. Perhaps we should play
that copy during the performance that day."
"So... you're planning to lip-sync?"
"Ahaha... I guess it won't be good huh..."
Shidou frowned his eyebrows while scratching his face. Yes, it was Kotori who
suggested it if he really wanted to beat Miku. Though, it didn't seem to be a good
idea. No, it was not good, certainly. Ai, Mai and Mii who had trained so hard for the
performance won't possible be satisfied with that, either.
"I'm surprised you would go that far, honestly."
"Ya. And how are we going to do that during the performance?"
"We would be in trouble if somebody found it out, too."
Ai, Mai and Mii were annoyed. It seemed like there would be some more problems
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
172 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
other than those they mentioned.
That being said, it was true that they would have to resort to that. It was the best that
<Ratatoskr> could do. However, it won't be enough to have Miku admit losing.
Just when everyone was in deep thought, Origami stood up.
"Shiori, play the song again."
"Huh?"
"I can't afford to have you lose the competition."
Before Shidou could react to her request, Origami strode all the way to the top of
the stage and grabbed a mic. It seemed like she was going to sing.
Knowing what Origami was trying to do, Shidou played the song again just as what
she wanted. Right before he was about to start the music, Shidou was reminded that
he forgot to give Origami those lyric cards.
"Oh, uh, Origami... here."
"These aren't necessary. I already memorized the lyric."
"O-Oh..."
Shidou scratched his face again and played the music.
-After the prelude, Origami started singing.
"Eh...?!"
Amazed, someone screamed behind Shidou.
Shidou was surprised too. Despite singing with her usual expression, Origami's
singing could still match with that of a professional singer.
"Ha-...."
Just when Origami finished singing, Ai, Mai and Mii applauded.
"Wow! It's amazing!"
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
173 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
"Origami, you could sing so well!"
"I guess this would be perfect."
The three girls cheered excitedly. Shidou could understand them. Indeed, it was
surprising that Origami, despite her usual behavior, could sing much better than a
normal person. She could sing in such a fantastic tone and with such an adequately
loud voice, just like that in the CD they listened to.
Shidou gulped and walked closer to Origami.
"Origami, can I leave the vocalist position to you...?"
"Yes, if it's for the sake of your victory, Shiori."
Origami answered without any hesitation nor consideration. Ai, Mai and Mii
cheered once again.
Then, someone poked Shidou at his back. Shidou turned his head and noticed that
Tohka was standing close behind him with an eager look.
"I want to sing, too! Can I sing please?!"
"Oh? Sure, of course."
Then, Shidou gave her the cards. Knowing that she couldn't memorize the lyric just
like Origami, Tohka had to take the cards.
Tohka, with a hand holding the mike and another holding the cards and the
tambourine, stood on the stage.
Shidou reminded that he had never seen Tohka singing. He did see her humming
before that but he was sure that Tohka had never sung in a band with music.
Since Tohka was also spirit, he thought that she could also sing well, but maybe not
as well as Miku.
"Ermm... eh?"
Surprised, Tohka frowned and waved her hands at Shidou.
"Is there anything wrong?"
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
174 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
"Uhm... how do I read this... kanji?"
Annoyed, Tohka passed the cards back to Shidou.
"Eh-..."
Everyone thought that it would be good to have Origami as the vocalist... for now.
"Alright, we don't have much time, let's start the practice!"
"Ohhhh!"
Everyone, including Tohka, shouted as they raised their hands.
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
175 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
176 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 4
Meanwhile, in Rindouji All-Girls Private School.
"Listen, girls. I've decided to perform on the first day."
After Miku announced that, the meeting room turned chaotic.
"O-Onee-sama, is it true...?!"
"But you were afraid of standing before a crowd of people..."
"If that's so, then we would definitely win on the first day, since onee-sama is going
to perform anyway."
The girls sitting in two lines cheered joyfully, some even screamed happily. Miku
smiled as she looked at them happily.
"Well then, I shall leave the preparation to you girls. And, please get some new
clothes too. I would also like some better instruments. Oh, and yes, we have to settle
the students' application for dancers as well."
As Miku was giving order, all the girls were hugging their chests, imagining how
the performance that day was going to be. -But,
"W-Wait a minute!"
A four-eyed girl who sat at the left stood up.
"Huh-? Is there anything wrong?"
When Miku looked at her, the girl was frightened. Though, she calmed and
continued speaking, grabbing her knuckle.
"Excuse me but... how are we going to deal with the brass band club that previously
registered for the performance that day?"
"Hmm- ...Well sadly, we would need to have them forfeit their performance. Well,
won't that be good? If I'm performing, our school would definitely win."
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
177 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
"N-No, this is not right!"
The four-eyed girl said angrily.
"Everyone was practicing so hard for the performance. Won't you feel bad for
them?!"
As she protested, everyone idled. Everyone wanted to see Miku perform, but they
couldn't ignore what the four-eyed girl told as well.
Then, a girl who was sitting right the opposite of the four-eyed girl raised her hand
and spoke.
"U-uhm, Onee-sama, if you're going to take over the performance, how are other
clubs going to..."
"The school won last year too, right? It won't be a problem if we just did what we
did last year."
Right after Miku spoke, the girl who sat next to the opposite of the four-eyed girl
spoke.
"I'm really sorry but... There won't be enough budget to get new clothes and
instruments for Onee-sama already..."
As the three girls protested, the meeting room became noisy.
Miku sighed. She then squinted her eyes and spoke.
"Anyway, just do what I ordered."
-Soon after that, the noisy room turned into silence.
"So, shall I leave this to you girls? Hmm, never mind, I think I would solve all the
problems myself-"
As Miku prolonged her sentence, the girls answered "Yes, Onee-sama." together.
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
178 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
179 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 5
September 22th. Origami Tobiichi, in order to carry out maintenance on her unit,
came to the station.
Although the Tenou festival would be held next day, as a member of AST, she
couldn't slack. After the maintenance, she changed into uniform, and then took a
check-up on her CR-UNIT that she just put into the hanger while taking a look at her
duty list.
"......"
While she was doing her duty, Origami had a strange feeling and furrowed her eyes
slightly.
There were other AST members in the hanger, too. However, they weren't behaving
like usual. The atmosphere in the hanger was so tense.
"......"
She thought to herself deeply. ...However, she couldn't recall being assigned any
orders recently. Even after she checked again, she couldn't find any new orders,
either.
Just when Origami was busy confirming if there was any new orders, she could
hear footsteps from her left.
She turned her head to her left and saw a golden-haired girl with glasses scurried
while holding onto some documents. -AST Readiness Officer, Mildred F. Fujimura,
nicknamed 'Mily'.
Immediately, Origami grabbed Mily's neck just in the time she passed through her.
"Woah!?"
Mily moaned with a cat-like sound as her boobs that were bigger than Origami's
shook.
"W-What are you doing-?! What if my backbones were damaged-?!"
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
180 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
"Mildred, I have something to ask you."
Mily noticed that criminal the higher-up mentioned was Origami. "Puu", she had an
inner laugh as she drooped her eyelids.
"I'm not quite satisfied with what Origami is doing to me! I demand improvement!"
"Understood."
As Origami let her off, Mily sighed.
"...So, what business do you have with Mily? Mily is very busy, you know."
"Is there any special operation recently?"
Mily turned her eyes big, pretending to be surprised.
"What are you saying, Origami? Of course, we're preparing for the operation
tomorrow."
"Tomorrow?"
Origami was surprised. Mily nodded her head.
"But why wasn't I notified of it? Just what operation will be carried out tomorrow?"
"Eh? Really? Ah- seriously. That Ryouko always loved to criticize people but now
when there's crisis, she just ran away huh-"
"Tell me what operation is it tomorrow."
"Alright, alright. Tomorrow-"
Mily stopped. -It was Jessica who suddenly appeared and covered her mouth,
preventing her to tell Origami the secret operation.
"Cease your words, Miss Readiness Officer. What you were going to tell is a
secret."
"Eh? W-What do you mean-?"
Mily, seemingly surprised, asked. Then, Jessica whispered something to her ear.
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
181 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
"...Uh, sorry, Origami. It seems like this is something that you can't be let known."
"Just what do you mean?"
Origami squinted her eyes as Jessica shrugged her shoulders.
"Hehe, it means what you just heard there. Come on, don't put on such an angry
look. If you want to, you can appeal to your boss."
After that, Jessica walked away. Mily, with a look of apology, left Origami as she
held onto some documents.
Just what kind of operation would there be? Origami thought to herself as she
looked at the other AST members.
However, everyone was just doing their duties and wouldn't look at Origami eye-toeye.
"......"
Annoyed, Origami finished her duty quickly and left the hangar.
Origami thought to herself that since she wasn't allowed to know the operation, it
couldn't be helped no matter how much doubt she had.
Rather than thinking about that, it would be better to practice at home for the
performance on the next day.
Just when Origami was alone in the changing room, someone opened the door.
Origami glanced at the door and saw Ryouko entering the room.
"Lieutenant Kusakabe."
"......"
Not responding to Origami's greeting, Ryouko walked to the center of the room.
Facing away from Origami, she sat on the bench, drinking a can of coffee. After she
took a sip, she let out a sigh of tiredness.
"......"
It seemed like she still didn't want to talk to Origami.
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
182 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Knowing that, Origami continued changing, quietly.
However, just when she was about to take her clothes from the hanger, Ryouko
spoke.
"Ah-, it's so frustrating to deal with those annoying foreigners. Since there aren't too
many people in the room right now, I guess I shall grumble to myself a little then."
"...?"
Origami frowned slightly and turned to her back.
Origami thought that instead of "grumbling", Ryouko might be trying to explain
about the operation to her. Besides, it would be preposterous if Ryouko really
forgot about Origami being in the room due to tiredness since she was not expected
to as she was the one who lead the AST members.
Though, Ryouko, pretending as if she never noticed Origami, continued speaking,
to the wall.
"-Tomorrow, September 23rd, 1500 hrs, the third combat unit would plunge into the
Tenguu Plaza. The target to be captured would be Tohka Yatogami, the girl who was
suspected to be the spirit <Princess>."
"...What-"
Listening to what Ryouko said with her lower lip attaching the can, Origami was so
surprised that she couldn't resist letting out some voice.
The third combat unit, as in the unit that consisted of only DEM members, would be
capturing Tohka Yatogami tomorrow. And what was more was that, they were going
to do it right when the festival was going on.
Origami was so astonished at the information Ryouko leaked to her. Having yet to
put on her sleeves completely, she turned to the direction where Ryouko was sitting.
However, Ryouko had yet to finish.
"-And a Second-year student of Raizen High School, Shidou Itsuka?"
"...?!"
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
183 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
With that name being spoken from Ryouko's mouth, Origami gasped.
Before she knew it, Origami grabbed Ryouko's shoulders.
"What is the meaning of this? If it's just Tohka Yatogami, I could understand, but
why Shidou too-"
"......"
Although Origami shook her shoulders violently, Ryouko didn't say anything, as if
she was overcome by a ghost.
Remaining silent, Ryouko let out a sigh, again. She took some sips from the can of
coffee in her hand as she walked to the door of the room.
"Ahh, the operation tomorrow would be very tiring, so tiring that I might have
forgotten to lock the door of the second hangar. Well, it doesn't matter. There won't
be any accident, I guess."
Then, she added.
"-Origami, it's up to you now."
Ryouko, after finishing her last sentence, left the room.
"......"
Alone in the room, Origami stared at the door blankly.
"Tch..."
Not being able to calm down, she held her knuckle firmly.
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
184 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
185 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Chapter 4: Music
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
186 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
187 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 1
"------Starting from now, we will commence the 52nd, Tenguu city's senior high
school union festival, the Tennou Festival!"
At the same time the executive committee leader's declaration coming from the
speaker installed on the roof, the whole exhibition hall was covered with claps and
cheers.
September 23rd, Saturday. The start of Tenguu city's high school students' longawaited
Tennou Festival.
Near the front entrance was Hall 1, Hall 2 had booths related to food and drinks as
its main, Hall 3 was deep inside and Hall 4 was filled with simple attractions like
research publications and haunted houses.
Shidou was currently in Hall 2. It was Raizen highschool's important location for
victory, the food and drink base.
But, Shidou who was supposed to be in that important location was right now
placing both his hands on the grounds while releasing a dark atmosphere coming
out from his body.
"Ou, Oooouu…………"
The reason was something very simple.
Shidou raised his head tiredly, and looked around his nearby surroundings. His
surroundings were filled with refreshment booths set up. Takoyaki, crepe, and the
famous minced cutlet.
But, Shidou and the Raizen high school group's absolute winning plan was not
something that simple.
Shidou turned his head around and faced towards the signboard placed behind him.
"Maid Cafe (☆) Raizen"
After that merciless title was pondered inside his head, he then lowered his sights.
Over there was,
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
188 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
"Ooouu! It's frilly!"
Tohka who was smiling while pinching on the hem of the apron with many frills
attached on it,
"Pu,kuku…………Shi,Shidou, you, look quite good as a girl"
"Defeat. Yuzuru can't stop from laughing"
They leaked giggles after looking at Shidou, he saw Kaguya and Yuzuru wearing
the same outfit as Tohka.
After reconfirming that, Shidou lowered his sights even further. He looked at his
clothes again.
---Tohka, and the Yamai sisters have the exact same clothing design.
On top of a dark blue long dress with a tint of black as a neutral color on it, was a
pure white apron with an excessive amount of frills. Incidentally on their heads, they
were also wearing a cute headdress with frills decorated on it.
To put it in one word, this is the maid-san style that nothing can top.
"Why………did this……………"
A girl's school uniform was probably the same but, as expected, Shidou had never
thought the day would come when he would have to cosplay as a maid-san.
He felt an important part of his man's heart was tainted and once again dropped his
shoulders.
And, on top of Shidou's shoulder, *pon*, a gentle hand was placed on it.-------it was
Ai (Maid-san version). Behind her, he saw Mai and Mii wearing the same outfit.
"What's wrong poster girl. Hora, it's almost time for the customers to come so get
into shape"
After saying that, she made her thumb stand up. Shidou stood up on the spot tiredly.
"…………err, this Maid cafe"
"Aah. It's nice right? We decided this is the only way to win against Rindouji"
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
189 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
"No, rather……………it's amazing you got permission for this"
Although the scale of the Tennou festival is huge, in the end it is still a high school
festival. It does look unrestrained but it unexpectedly has a lot of regulations. If it is
judged as [Not appropriate for students], originally the whole thing isn't even
supposed to get permission. On that point, this type of questionable customer
service shop line was supposed to fall under that category.
They probably know about these points manifold; she made an evil face while
shrugging her shoulders.
"That's why image manipulation was a lot of trouble--. Since we submitted hostess at
first"
"Buu!?"
Shidou spurt out in reflex. Ai Mai and Mii started laughing.
"We got scolded badly that time"
"Yeah Yeah. But thanks to that, the main Maid cafe got through"
"Well actually, I wanted the skirt a little shorter though"
While saying that, Mii went beyond Shidou's skirt and draws a line along his butt.
Shidou's face turned blue and he instinctively pushed his skirt down. Looking at that,
Ai Mai and Mii laughed again.
"Well, Shiori-chan and other stage members go and stand at the entrance and
become our star attraction. The hall staff are seriously thinking about how to serve
the customers so rest assured and call them in"
"Yeah Yeah. We're counting on you girls to be as showy as possible. In a spirit that
can make a line!"
"Un Un, if a day where an innocent and peerless beautiful girl, twins with different
type and a tall timid type comes, then the guys that won't be lured in would be either
a mature lady lover or a homosexual"
"……………"
He was categorised as a timid type before he knew it. He made a wry smile in a
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
190 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
complex mood.
And, at that moment, Shidou [Hnn?] tilted his head.
"Speaking of which…………I wonder what happened to Origami-san?"
Yes. Although all the other stage members were together being a maid-san, Origami
was the only one not there.
"Hnnn? Tobiichi-san? Now that I think about it, I haven't seen her since morning"
"Although her assigned spot was supposed to be the maid cafe but………"
"It's not that day right--?"
When Mii said that, 3 of them *ahaha* laughed. Shidou didn't know what reaction to
take and made a awkward smile.
"Well, she should come soon. We won't complain as long as she makes it to the
stage"
"I-I guess so…………"
The same time as Shidou answered her while scratching his cheeks, they could hear
a large number of footsteps coming from the front entrance. It would seem, the
customers……………rather the [Goshuujin-sama[6D 1] ]s and [Ojou-sama[6D 2]]s
have arrived.
"Now then, we are counting on you here-----!"
"We will call you if it's time----"
"Ah---, everyone, we are leaving this place to Shiori-chan so, listen to orders
properly okay---"
After saying that, Ai Mai and Mii withdrew into the shop.
"Eh……, wai------"
The ones left in front of the shop were Shidou, Tohka, the Yamai sisters, and around
10 other maid-san from each class who were best in attracting customers in their
class. Every one of them was looking at Shidou who was appointed as the customer
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
191 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
attracting captain just a moment ago.
"E,err………"
After Shidou let sweat run down his cheeks while making a troubled face, *Cohon*
he made a cough.
"Er, for now, everyone please do your best"
""Yes!""
Replying to Shidou's voice, the maid-sans saluted at the same time. It was a pretty
greeting with their hands joined properly in front. It looks like they were properly
trained for this or that. ……well, there were people like Tohka and the Yamai sisters
who raised their hands with a [Oh---!].
In any case, the battle has begun. The customers with pamphlets in their hands
started entering one after another.
There were various types of customers. People who appear to be the students' family
members, students who have no work now, college students from around the
neighborhood with the clear intention to hit on girls, and middle-school students
who were deciding which school should they advance to were spotted. Within these
groups, there were fan members wearing happi coats with the word [Izayoi Miku
bodyguards] embroidered on the back. It looks like they heard of the reports that the
phantom idol was going to stand on stage.
Simultaneously, the fierce customer-attracting battle commenced. The sound of
cheerful voices echoed from left and right and the exhibition hall was filled with
liveliness immediately.
"Come now, enter, it's fun! It's delicious!"
"Kuku…………from this way onwards, it's the iron pot of hell. Can you normal
people stand it?"
"Bulletin. This is the menu calling system"
On the right side of the maid cafe's entrance, there was Tohka (Although it wasn't
really maid-like) raising her voice, on the left side, Kaguya was saying words that
were either for attracting customers or repelling them, and right beside her, Yuzuru
was carrying a placard with the menu written on it. Probably because of these three,
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
192 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
people started entering the maid cafe one after another.
"Oooh……………Isn't this a success"
Even when compared with the other shops, it was quite a satisfactory beginning. At
the very least inside the shops visible from Shidou's position, he could not see any
other place that had as many people accumulating as the maid cafe.
And.
"……………Looks like things are going great, Shin" Wondering how much time
had passed since it began, he heard a sleepy voice coming from in front.
He was familiar with that voice. <Ratatoskr>'s analyst official, Shidou's class's
assistant homeroom teacher - Murasame Reine.
"Aah, Reine-san you came-------"
And, when Shidou turned over to her normally----------he froze right there just like
that.
Over there was Reine as he predicted. Until there was okay. ……………but, that
Reine brought one girl wearing a straw hat on her head, if he added that, then things
will change here.
"Ee,err…………"
Yoshino blushed, and averted her sight as if she'd seen something she should not
see.
After that, the puppet [Yoshinon] worn on her left hand, *clatter**clatter* shook its
head while letting out a high-pitched laugh.
""Yahahaha, is that perhaps Shidou-kun? It really suits you--. Why don't you
just wear the top and take the bottom. There's demand for that you know--?""
"Yo,Yoshino……………"
"……………I-I came."
When Shidou called her name in a blurry voice, Yoshino replied back.
It's true that, Shidou himself invited Yoshino the other day. It was nothing strange at
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
193 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
all.
But, it looks like she was not told about the matters regarding the cross-dressing.
Yoshino awkwardly returned her sight to him and Shidou's whole body starting
from the top.
"Err……e,err…………you're cute"
After she said that, she made an awkward smile towards him. Shidou turned around
and squatted down, covering the back of his head with the menu list he was holding
on to.
"Aaah! Stop! Don't talk to me with those kind words! Don't look at the stained me!"
In front of everyone's standpoint, he can't allow himself to stop using feminine
words. Shidou shouted with a shriek-like voice.
Wondering why. Whether it's Tohka, Origami, or the Yamai sisters, he was not like
that when he was seen cross-dressing by them during that time but, when he was
seen by both of Yoshino's clear eyes, for some reason he was attacked by an illusion
that he has done something very bad.
It was like, a vampire's body trembling when it is being shined on by sunlight. No, if
that is all there is to it, then that example was still better. If a vampire is shined by
sunlight, then it will become ash on the spot and vanish.
"Ee,err, I am not……………"
"……………Listen here Yoshino. You should not misunderstand. Shin is engaging
himself in a very lofty and proud work. It is by no means his hobby"
Without a moment of delay, Reine's help came in. Yoshino opened her eyes in
surprise.
"I-is that so………?"
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
194 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
195 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
"………aah. He got used to cross-dressing recently, and the posture when he puts on
lip gloss could only be seen as a girl but, it is by no means that he is doing it
because he likes it"
"What are you putting in her head Reine-san!?"
Unable to stand it anymore, he stood up and shouted. But, Reine tilted her head in
wonder.
"………………I was intending to help you……"
Shidou dropped his shoulders. In reality, she was probably serious about that. He felt
wicked instead.
……………rather, he wondered when he got skilled doing it. Shidou made a
resolution to be cautious not to fall into the dark ways.
He took a deep breath to calm his heartbeat before looking back at Yoshino.
"You're going to enter right? It's quite packed but, I think you can enter right now
without lining up?"
"Ah……o,okay"
"…………well then, we will be intruding"
After saying that, Reine took Yoshino and entered the maid cafe.
And,
"Err……………the stage, I am also looking forward, to it"
After saying that, she made a fist with her right hand and showed him.
"Ou, watch me. I'll do my best"
After he said that, he patted on Yoshino's head through the straw hat. Yoshino twisted
her body feeling a little embarrassed and ticklish but, Shidou could not see her
expression because she was wearing the hat.
Yoshino made a quick bow and entered the maid cafe. Shidou saw her off while
making a small smile.
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
196 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
He gained courage from somewhere unexpected. With this, he has to win no matter
what happens.
And------
"………hnn?"
A few minutes after Reine and Yoshino entered the cafe. The number of customers
crossed over the shops capacity and by the time a line started to form, something
noisy suddenly started happening nearby.
"Did something happen?"
Feeling strange, when he asked a maid nearby, the maid said [that………] with a
face filled with nervousness, and pointed toward the passageway to Hall 1.
Over there, a large crowd had formed. Naturally, it was not as though there were
many people inside the exhibition hall but, that spot obviously has a different
population density.
In a beat, Shidou found out about the identity of the group.
At the same time, the crowd split into left and right, and a girl wearing a school
uniform with a composed air around her walked through the middle like Moses.
Around her, he could see a group of female high school students wearing sailor
uniforms and with the same composed air. Looking closely, he saw photographers
carrying television cameras chasing after her.
It looks like he wasn't mistaken. That is.
"Izayoi…………Miku"
He called her name with a soft voice.
It was impossible for Shidou's voice to reach her but, Miku moved the sides of her
eyebrows and noticed Shidou at the same time as he said that, She then closed in on
the maid cafe and stood in front of Shidou, *Nii* she then raised the corners of her
lips.
"Good morning, Shiori-san. Looks like it's very successful?"
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
197 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
"…………Thank you. It can't be compared to your side though"
Shidou who was surrounded by the crowd of people, replied that while somehow
suppressing the uncalm feeling he was getting.
"Fufu, it looks good on you---- that outfit. It's nice. When Shiori-san becomes mine,
it would be interesting to have you wear that outfit forever"
In order to infer the true meaning of Miku's remark, the people gathered around
started making a commotion. It looks like the television cameras started taking
photos of Miku and Shidou alternatively. …………how do you put it, it was
uncalming.
After Miku turned her head irritatedly, she then directed her voice toward the
television crew around them.
"-----You're a bother. Please go somewhere else"
"……………!"
The instant Miku said that, the crowd gathered around Miku immediately scattered
away nearby. Not only the television crew, but also the students made to follow Miku
also left, and finally Miku was the only one left there.
He twitched his shoulder a little. There was no mistake. This feeling…………it's the
same [Voice] he heard that time in Miku's house.
"Fuu, I finally feel refreshed. I should have done this faster"
"……………My goodness"
He could not make a reference to Reiryoku here. Shidou let sweat flow down his
cheeks while saying that.
"……………so? what kind of business do you have here? Don't you think you're
standing out too much for observing the enemy's movement?"
""It's not like that you know---I just, want to give an invitation"
"Invitation…………?"
When Shidou tilted his head in suspicion, Miku [Yes---] replied back flat.
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
198 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
"I thought of wanting to go on a date with Shiori-san a little"
"………Huh?
Shidou not understanding the meaning of what Miku said opened his eyes wide.
"Da………te?"
After repeating that word, Shidou immediately twitched his shoulders. If Tohka and
the Yamai heard this conversation, he thought the situation will get even worse.
Fortunately, since they are separately attracting customers further up front than
Shidou, it seems they did not notice the conversation he was having with Miku. He
made a sigh of relief before returning his sights back to Miku.
"Yes. We can't----?"
"No, that's………"
Shidou thought about it for a little and then opened his mouth.
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
199 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
200 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 2
Inside the JGSDF Tenguu second garrison hangar, an unnatural silence filled the
space.
Even though it isn't late at night yet, there are no signs of any mechanics or AST
members at all. It was like--------someone cleared out the people in it with some
kind of intention in mind.
Origami who has infiltrated through the unlocked back door, silently directed her
eyes towards her targeted spot.
"………………"
Her dry footsteps, echoed nearby even though she didn't want it.
Origami felt her heartbeat and that dry sound getting louder while making a quiet
deep breath.
Her current outfit, was not the Raizen uniform neither is it the stage dress she was
supposed to wear today, it was the AST basic equipment known as the black wiring
suit. It was the magic armor worn by humans in order to oppose the Spirits. It was
the battle clothing used to sharpen Origami's consciousness to its limits.
Although the Space quake alarm hadn't rung, that didn't mean it was practice either.
The reason why Origami was wearing that was because of another existence.
"……………………"
While silent, she stopped her legs in front of a certain block in the hangar.
From what could be seen, all of the security had been cut off. With this, if anyone
tries to infiltrate the hangar, and takes out a CR-unit, no one will notice.
It was such a perfect condition. Origami looked up at the unit soaring right in front
of her.
"…………Shidou"
After saying that, she moistens her throat with her saliva.
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
201 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
After hearing Ryouko's grand [monologue], Origami immediately started
investigating Jessica's and her team's movements.
Nonetheless, it wasn't that much of an exaggerated thing. Putting it in words
properly, it became necessary to do so.
When Origami asked, everyone in the team started muttering about the
[monologue]. Even Mily who missed those words, called in later to complain and
talk about the circumstances.
---hearing the general idea of the plan, Origami was horrified.
Leaving aside Tohka who was a Spirit, why was Shidou also being targeted.
…………Origami held onto that question only for an instant.
That's because, Origami has an idea of what it is.
June. In front of Origami, Shidou showed <Efreet>'s recovery abilities.
A human that uses the power of a Spirit.
No----putting it correctly, probably, it should be a human that steals a Spirit's power.
Although she doesn't know the reason why Shidou has that power but…………if that
information is told to the DEM industries then, she would get why there is a capture
entry for Shidou as a target.
And if he was captured by DEM industries, it was not hard to imagine what kind of
treatment he would receive.
"…………won't let you"
After Origami said that in a low voice, she made a step forward.
She looked towards the crystallization of human intelligence that is placed in front
of her eyes------the combat Realizer.
If she were to use the CR-unit without permission, she would probably not escape
disciplinary action this time. Most likely, she would be kicked out of the team after
having her memories disposed of and will never be able to touch the Realizer ever
again.
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
202 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
That would mean, it was the same as losing the method to get revenge on the Spirit
who killed Origami's parents.
"………uh"
The moment that thought touched her head, Origami stopped for an instant.
But, she gritted the back of her teeth, and continued walking forward.
During that time in the school trip, even though Shidou was exposed to danger, her
conscious was filled with a powerless feeling for not being able to do anything.
That time, Origami who doesn't have the Realiser, the CR-unit couldn't do anything
at all.
But----this time it's different.
"This time for sure…………I will definitely save him"
Even if she will be chased after by the AST for this act, she couldn't afford to have
Shidou be in danger.
Losing both her parents, Origami can't let her last place of support for her heart be
lost.
When she used her palms to touch the Unit's terminal, the verification started.
Together with the low sound of a running motor, the lump of metal turned into the
strongest weapon.
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
203 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
204 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 3
"Here, Shiori-san. Strawberry cream right?"
"a,aah…………."
Shidou made a bewildered nod before receiving the beautifully decorated crepe
from Miku.
After Miku made a satisfied smile, she took a bite of the chocolate banana crepe she
was holding in her other hand and made a very happy face. "Hnn~~,I can't stand this-
-. If this keeps up, it will turn into a shop?"
While saying that, Miku swing her uniform skirt around while bending her body.
While looking at her like that, Shidou let one line of sweat droop down his cheeks.
"……………What are you doing, me"
"Don't daydream. Isn't it convenient for the other side to invite you"
When he said that, he could hear Kotori's voice coming from the incam in his right
ear.
"Even if the showdown is on stage, we won't lose anything if we leave
her affection level increased. If by any chance you beat Rindouji and Miku's
affection drops, then you won't be able to seal her Reiryoku"
"Well, that's true but………….."
While saying that, *pori**pori* he scratched his cheeks. Incidentally, needless to
say whether he is male or female was already decided already but……………he
stopped it from coming out from his mouth since he might be abused again.
Yes. Right now Shidou, left the maid-cafe to Tohka and the rest and set out to have a
festival date with Miku after being invited by her. It was a very weird feeling going
around having fun with the opponent he was going to have a stage duel with but,
Kotori's words were true. It's best to just quietly go out with Miku.
"Don't make a mistake this time and say you hate Miku now"
settled
male or female
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
205 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
"……………I get it"
"Oh my----?"
When Shidou was having a conversation with Kotori using a soft voice, Miku let out
her voice thinking it was strange.
"Aren't you going to eat----?"
"!, no…………I'll eat it"
He transported the crepe he was holding to his mouth in panic. The sweet taste of the
fresh cream wrapped in thin batter and the sourness of the strawberry spread though
his mouth. Probably because the batter was cooked properly, although it was simple,
it's true that the result produced has a unfavorable comparison to those sold on the
road.
"Hnn…….delicious"
"Ufufu----, that's more important than anything"
After Miku said that, in the next moment, she took a bite of Shidou's crepe.
"Waa!?"
"Hnn----, this is delicious too. It's a good work----"
While rubbing her cheeks, Miku said that in satisfaction.
Probably noticing Shidou's surprised face, *ahaha* she made a laugh while offering
the chocolate banana crepe she was holding.
"Here, we will be even with this"
"e,err…………"
"What are you hesitating for. Take a big bite, a big one"
Pushed by Kotori, he took one bite of the crepe while being urged. ………it was
delicious, but honestly speaking he couldn't get most of the taste.
"Is it delicious---?"
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
206 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
"A,aah………its delicious. "
"Fufu, it's an indirect kiss---"
"Bufuu!"
Being told the word he was thinking about but was avoiding saying, Shidou spurt
out in reflex. Although he somehow managed to stop the crepe inside his mouth, he
coughed lightly.
"I'm sorry, Shiori-san is pure---"
Miku laughed while rubbing his back.
"N-no……I'm okay. I'm just a little surprised"
Shidou calmed his breathing and made a small nod.
After Miku made a kind smile after looking at Shidou in that state once more, she
ate the chocolate banana crepe she held in her hand and pointed towards the
assembly hall.
"Well then, we don't have much time until the stage begins, let's walk around more"
"ah……wait"
Miku pulled his hands quickly. Shidou shoved the remaining crepe into his mouth.
He then pushed the wrapping paper left in his hands into his apron pocket and
followed Miku.
And following Miku's heart, they passed the food and drink booths and headed
towards the area with target practice booths and ghost houses lined up.
"………hey, Miku"
Midway, Shidou talked out towards Miku who was in front him.
"Yes---? What is it, Shiori-san"
"Why is it, that you invited me at a time like this?"
When Shidou asked, Miku send her sights to her back.
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
207 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
"That's because, if today's results come out then won't Shiori-san become mine----.
That's why, I thought of tasting the rare Shiori-san who hasn't become mine before
that happens"
"…………………"
It would seem inside of Miku, her victory was already a fixed case. Shidou clenched
the back of his teeth and send Miku back a sharp glare.
"Taking you at your words, today we seriously plan on beating Rindouji. Don't you
think it would be best for your side to prepare yourselves?"
"Fufufu-----, will you be able to do it?"
"I'll have you keep your promise"
"I understand---. Shiori-san too, don't forget"
Miku laughed, in a state where Shidou's words did not even become a significant
pressure to her.
Even though they were preparing for the battle, she was in a relaxed manner which
is very hard to believe. He somehow felt his mind was getting disordered, so Shidou
scratched his head violently.
And, after walking for a while, Miku let out a soft voice.
"Shiori-san Shiori-san, look at that. It's a ring toss. Let's go try it out"
She said that and ahead where Miku's finger was pointing, there was a fair stall-like
space. There were many goodies lined up on a red carpet.
"Ring toss……huh"
"Yes-----. Which one do you want----? I will take it for you----"
"Eh? Eh----……..then, that one"
Shidou quickly got lost by that question and, pointed at the cat doll placed relatively
before him from his stand point.
"Okay desu. Please leave it to me---"
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
208 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Miku showed a rolling up her sleeves posture while paying the female student
beside her the money before receiving 3 plastic wheels.
"Hoiyaa!"
She threw the first one together with a weird call. The wheel flew toward the day
after tomorrow.
"Haii! Soryaa!"
Not giving up, She threw the remaining two, as expected the wheel didn't even touch
the goods and *Kara**Kara* fell on the ground. …………it was an astounding poor
control.
"Oh my----, this is quite hard"
"haha………….." "Shidou, what are you laughing for. If Miku can't, then you be the
one to take it and give it to her"
When Shidou made a dry laugh, his right ear's eardrum shook.
"aah…………hey Miku, if it's okay----"
But, when Shidou was about to talk to her, Miku once again talked with the female
student.
At first he thought she was going to try one more time but……….it was wrong, the
word Miku told the female student was.
"Please give me that cat doll"
It was such a [request].
"………yes, please wait for a moment"
The female student nodded with a blurred face, and took the doll on top of the carpet
before giving it to Miku.
After Miku took it, she hand it out to Shidou while making a smile with her whole
face.
"Here you go, Shiori-san"
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
209 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
"………no, what are you doing"
When Shidou said that, Miku tilted her head as if she could not understand what
Shidou said.
"Was it not this? Then, I'll change it------"
"That's not it………..that not right, that kind of thing"
"eerr, Then what am I supposed to do?"
In an expression that has no accusations of ill intent or good will able to be seen,
Miku asked back at him. Shidou felt the same thing at Miku's house a few days ago;
he felt a preposterous bad feeling.
"…………The goods, you have to throw the ring and get it properly"
"Eeh----, Then, What am I supposed to do if I can't get it----?"
"Well………..you have no choice but to give up"
"Eh, why is that?"
"Why……………that's because it's the rule. If you were to overlook that, then it'll be
bad to the girls working on the Ring toss booth right?" Miku opened her eyes in
surprise.
"Bad? Isn't that girl happy for me to receive it and accept?"
"No, you…………"
"First of all, doesn't this mean I won't be able to give Shiori-san a present---"
"Just because of that, I can't receive that, after using such a method"
"Ehh-----"
Miku [Pu--] pouted her lips in dissatisfaction. Shidou made a troubled face and
scratched his head.
This girl doesn't think her actions are bad. Following the desire to give Shidou the
cat doll as a present, she only used the method which was natural for her to do so.
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
210 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Maybe he was interposed by some time to think, the impression he had felt on Miku
a few days ago has changed a little.
Yes------She was a little like Tohka.
Before having her Spirit powers sealed away, Tohka had no chance to come in
contact with other humans other than the AST, she would attack Shidou and when
she sees many people, she would try to eradicate them all.
But, right now she was fumbling around while somehow managing to be doing well
with everyone.
In Miku's case, her problem was because she controls a human's freedom by using
that [Voice].
"It's okay-----. Since humans are my pawns and toys. Shiori-san doesn't have to mind
that. Because Shiori-san is a special existence that I directly admit you know? The
riffraff humans can do whatever they like"
"…………you see"
Miku said that with eyes that shows no worry and let out an unpleasant voice.
"……………………"
Shidou gripped his hands hard.
This girl, Izayoi Miku, is by no means a bad girl. The only thing was, because of
her ability, her sense of value got twisted.
This will probably take time. It will also take effort. But that was also…………the
same as Tohka and the rest, it has enough chances for everyone to coexist together.
In order for that--------he has to seal her Reiryoku no matter what.
If he does not get her to stand on the same place with normal humans, if this keeps
on, she will only continue seeing humans only as pawns or toys like this. That is
just………….too sad.
"Like I expected, I will win you……………in order to let you talk to [Humans]"
"With humans…..you say. I am already talking a lot with them? You sure say
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
211 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
something weird---"
"You don't have to understand now. But, remember this. Humans aren't so obedient
and convenient to become your pawn or toys"
"…………what are you saying?"
Hearing Shidou words, Miku made a scornful smile.
"Humans are simple things. I can control them to do anything. Shiori-san too, its
better you don't concern about it too much you know----? That is something I only
use when I want something to the extent of caring for it but no way to get it"
"Hmph, don't look down on humans. If you think everything is going to go your
way, you're going to end up tripping"
"Heeeeh----……………"
Miku closed her eyes partly in interest.
"Then, I'll let you try----"
"………………? What do you mean?"
He asked while he frown his eyebrows in suspicion but, Miku didn't answer any
more than that.
"Ufufu-----, Then, although it is a little bit regretful but, let's end today's date here.
I'll be waiting on stage---. -----------That's if Shiori-san stands on stage though"
She then flicks the finger she used to touch her lips with, and after facing towards
Shidou, she turned her heels around and left.
"What was that………"
Shidou stared at her back and said it doubtfully.
---But, after a few minutes after that. He got to understand the true meaning of
Miku's words.
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
212 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
The time was 2pm. In the waiting room backstage, the representatives of other
famous schools started to gather one after another. In the waiting room, although
according to that name, it has surprisingly a wide space of room even after all of the
performers assembled. That was only natural; originally it was a small hall behind
the stage, but it would seem it was opened for it to be used as a waiting room. As if
to show the reality of that, musical instruments such as drum sets or keyboards
arranged in the inner part of the room.
Shidou had the other members take over his job and carried his legs to the waiting
room.
But, Shidou and Tohka were the only ones gathered in the small hall, and Ai Mai
and Mii could not be seen no matter how long it took.
"…………seriously, what are those 3 doing…………"
He groaned while folding his arms and looked over at the clock. It already crossed
20mins after the gathering time. It should be time for the first stage performance to
begin.
And what's more, that wasn't the only problem. Origami who was not seen from
morning also, has not arrived to the spot. Even after he called her many times, it just
won't connect as if there was no power in her phone.
"Muu………..what's wrong with everyone?"
Tohka tilts her head. After Shidou made a [I don't know] gesture by swinging his
head, he then used the only for Shiori-chan usage decorated phone provided by
Kotori, and called Ai.
After a few second of sound from his phone ringing, Ai's voice could be heard
from the receiver.
"Hello…………Shiori-chan?"
"! Yamabuki-san, where are you now? Hurry up and come here! I don't see
Hazakura-san and Fujibakama-san too………………do you have any idea where
they are?"
"Ah-----Mai and Mii? Then------"
"We------are"
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
213 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
"Over----here"
Coming from the other side of the receiver, Mai and Mii's voice could be heard.
"What are you doing! The stage performance is about to start!?"
When Shidou shouted, Ai and the rest [Hnn----] replied back lifelessly. "We're sorry
but-----, we give up going out on the stage performance"
From hearing the unexpected words suddenly, he unintentionally gasped.
"Wh,why is that? Didn't all of us worked hard and practice for this!"
"eh----? That's because……………Miku Onee-sama, told us to stop it---"
"……………uh!"
At the end of her words, Ai's phone line got cut.
The sounds of *beep* *beep* fruitlessly shook Shidou's eardrum.
"shidou, What did Ai say?"
Tohka asked in curiosity. Shidou somehow managed to squeeze out his shaking
voice.
"They said………they are giving up, going on stage…………"
"Mu!? W,why!?"
"That's…………"
Shidou clenched his teeth tightly.
Most likely-------Ai Mai Mii were [requested] by Miku.
It was the [voice] that was enough to make Shidou's consciousness go into disarray
even though he has the Spirit protection. If Miku were to whisper to them in close
range, then it was impossible to those 3 normal humans to resist.
In an instant, he thought Origami was also caught by Miku's poisonous fangs
but…………if that's the case, then coming on the phone would be okay, and it would
not explain the reason why she was gone from morning.
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
214 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
But whatever the reason. The situation is very grim. That's because 4 out of 6
members-----bass, keyboard, drummer, and most importantly the vocal has left. The
only ones left were only the guitarist and the tambourine. There is no way they can
make a proper musical performance this way.
"Kuh, what on earth should I…………."
And, when Shidou scratched his head while letting out a groaning-like voice, he
could hear a happy laugh coming from the front direction.
"Ufufu------"
Suddenly Miku who has changed into her stage costume, was standing there with a
cheerful smile. Probably an image of a mermaid princess, the dress was tinged in a
color that makes you think of a sea, and has accessories of designed shells scattered
on it.
"What's wrong-----? Your cute face will get ruined you know----?"
"Miku, you…………!"
He shouted in reflex but somehow controlled his anger.
Even if he blames Miku now, nothing will change. Even if he called Miku's action
unfair, there was no way he could explain about her [Voice] filled with Reiryoku.
Miku probably knows that too. After she made a happy smile, she *spins* waving
her skirt.
"It's almost time for my stage performance. Please look carefully----"
She said that, and walked away.
"Guh…………, that bastard………"
He gritted his teeth in regret, and glared at Miku's back.
But, it was already known that even if he did that, the situation wouldn't change for
the better.
"Wha,what happened…….?"
Tohka asked suspiciously. Shidou scratched his head and ignored it.
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
215 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
"…………let me think for a bit"
After Shidou said that, he placed his hands on his chin as if to show he is thinking
and walked towards the wall. He then used a soft voice and sends it towards the
Incam on his right ear.
"……Kotori, Kotori"
"------Is there anything you want? Do you want help you loosen your
nervousness before the stage performance?"
Before long, he could hear Kotori's frivolous talk.
"No…it's not that"
Shidou briefly explained how, Ai Mai and Mii were fallen into Miku hands, and
Origami has withdrawn from battle just before the real thing.
"I see………damn Miku, using such a sneaky method"
Kotori made a long sigh before replying. He can't see Kotori from there but, he
could easily imagine her shrugging her shoulders as if she given up.
"It doesn't take even 2 hours before our turn. What on earth should I…………"
"There's no choice. Let's overcome the vocal with the first lip sync plan"
"Is that okay……….."
"At least, I think its somewhat better than displaying Shidou's beautiful voice
during the real deal"
"Well…………that's true. But I didn't bring the tone generator"
"It's okay. We already slip in few members of our members for the operation. If
it becomes Shidou's turn, just relax and match up with the music we broadcast"
"…………as expected"
A sister that is ready in everything. Shidou put in his admiration and muttered that.
"But, we are still short on members. Since I think Tohka can't play any other
instrument…………" "That's true………fumu, even if the full team is impossible, 2
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
216 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
people could be arranged. We'll send in replacements so please join up with them"
"Replacements………………wait a second. Even if you send skilled people here,
won't we be disqualified if they were found out not to be Raizen students?" "To be
still worried even after I told you I will do something about it, Shidou sure has
gotten great huh"
Kotori snort as if she was scorning him, and said that. Since Shidou *Guu* sound
didn't come out, he tried to say [scissors] but, he decided to shut himself up for now.
"But even so, she did something to underestimate us. I have a mind to deal with
her since the other side has this intention"
And, after giving her instructions to Shidou, Kotori said something improper.
Shidou had sweat ooze out his forehead.
"O,oi. Didn't you say you weren't going to obstruct her"
"That was originally the plan but, honestly speaking if this goes on I can't say
we are going to win for sure now. The one who started this was the other side,
so we'll have you let us help out without hesitation"
"wai, don't use violent…………"
His hands were pulled from behind about the time he was about to reply Kotori, and
Shidou's body direction changed. When he looked over, he found out it was Tohka's
work.
"Uoo? Wha,whats wrong Tohka"
"Umu, Miku's stage performance is about to start"
"Miku's………."
Now that she mentions it, Shidou and Tohka were the only one inside the waiting
room that was filled with performers just now. It would seems, everyone went to see
the stage performance.
"Since we're at it, why don't we look at the enemy's true strength. It will take a
little more time for the replacements to reach. She'll probably just be out there
groaning Un Un and didn't come up with any good plan"
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
217 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Kotori said that through the Incam
"………I guess so"
After Shidou made a small nod, he exited the waiting room together with Tohka.
And after climbing up the long dark stairs, a road that looks like a cat walk was
arranged parallel to the ceiling wall on the central stage.
There were staff members mixed over there and the performers that were in the
waiting room just now could be seen.
"Around here should be fine………….."
"Umu, special seats!"
Tohka eyes innocently glittered. The stage performances they are about to see right
now, is going to be a performance that exceeds any other and they were about to be
forced to know about it but………………does she really not know that?
And, around that time, on the center of the stage that was illuminated,
*Click**click*, blue stage lights were exposed in many directions.
Right in the middle, Miku held the mic near her mouth and let out her voice mixed
with a quiet melody.
---In an instant.
*Zap*. A feeling like goosebumps ran across the surface of his body.
The next moment, the melody slowly turned lively, the light pouring down on the
stage turned brighter------and the back dancers preparing in the back were exposed.
Miku's swinging also turned very violent. And together with that, the tension in the
hall slowly increased.
"……..amazing"
Shidou muttered that half dumbfounded.
That much------Shidou who practically has no interest in idols or whatever, has his
consciousness taken away in an instant, that was how much Miku's stage
performance was overwhelming.
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
218 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Costume, dance, back dancers, act, on top of that it resulted in the audiences
swinging their glow stick and raising their cheer, all of this was perfectly joined
together and it made a perfect atmosphere.
If it is right now, he could understand a little of the feeling of fans that faints in lives.
Wild enthusiasm. From the number of audiences in a row he can see, according to
that word all of them were getting wild thanks to Miku's song, they were getting
crazy.
But-------
"………………!?"
The moment when that craziness was about to reach its peak, Shidou raised his
eyebrows.
Most probably Tohka also, rather all of the humans in the central stage were
probably making the same face.
That's because, when the song was about to come near the second part, the lights
suddenly turned off and the stage turned completely dark.
No, that was not all. The song being broadcast from the big speakers also stopped at
the same time when the lights turned off.
Inside this bizarre situation, a commotion spread in the audience seat.
However, within everyone who was confused, only Shidou opened his eyes wide at
the possibility he thought of.
"This is, don't tell me………."
"Bingo"
Faster than Shidou calling out, Kotori replied back. "We fiddled with the hall's
equipment for a bit. Well, we are going to restart it when things subdue moderately.
And of course, if things get heated up again I'll turn it off again"
"…………."
Shidou scratched his cheeks. While being my sister, she sure thinks of heartless
methods. It's true with this; it is possible to cause a result involving everyone to cool
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
219 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
down from the hype. No matter how amazing the stage performance was, if it cannot
be seen then there is no meaning to it. ---But.
"……………eh?"
Shidou lightly shook his throat, and once again send his sights back to the stage.
On the center of the completely dark stage, a dim light appeared.
Next, as if to control everyone's noisiness, a clear voice could be heard.
"-----<Shadi. Al. Kai>!"
At the same time with that voice, a pale light coiled about Miku's body------and
made a dress of light.
Running along her body line as if it was coiling up her upper torso. Sleeves that
have volume. A light bolero sash unfolded to wrap all of it together. And------a
dazzling dress that has several layers of light frills lying upon it.
After all of that had manifested, a moon-shaped accessory glowed on Miku's hair.
Yes. That was, the real Miku he saw in the empty arena.
"Don't tell me……………manifestation of AstralDress……….!? At a place like
this!?"
Kotori's voice hit his eardrums so loud that it hurts.
But that was a normal thing. AstralDress. An absolute shield and castle that protects
the Spirit. A strengthen armor knitted by dense Reiryoku strings.
Manifesting it means, that the Spirit was ready for battle. Actually, the Spirits until
now only wear their Astraldress's, when there is enemy presences that will harm
them appear.
But, there was no way the audiences would understand what that outfit signifies. At
the world that appeared in front of them, they don't think the scenery was strange,
and inside of them there were some that perceived it as a performance that uses a lot
of advanced technology. The cheers filled in the hall was increased by one fold.
"---------Let's make this livelier---. The real thing starts here!!"
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
220 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Without using the mic, Miku's clear voice echoed throughout the hall.
And as if replying to that, the hall once again was swallowed into a whirlpool of
madness.
From that point onwards, it was already Miku's world.
The speaker was dead. The lights were turned off. The amplifier can't be used if the
mic can't.
Despite all that, Miku's musical performance, her voice, that appearance, spread
throughout every corner of the hall.
There is no one in this hall that thinks the case just now was an accident. All of that--
---was a performance. It was in order to make Miku more prominent. In order to
make Miku's voice more impressive.
All of it was, to digest Miku's existence.
She was a perfect, until it was overwhelming------[idol].
---At the same time as Miku spread both her arms apart, the song was over.
The biggest cheer until now filled the hall.
"-------Fufu, thank you very much"
Miku wiped of the sweat on her forehead before, taking a bow. After she did that,
this time a round of applause broke out and was congratulating Miku as she left the
stage.
"………….."
"Umu, That was amazing!"
Shidou silently placed his hands on his forehead, and Tohka expressed her carefree
impression.
Even after Miku left, the round of applause did not stop for a while. Shidou and
Tohka climbed down the stairs and returned back to the waiting room after going
through the round of applause that was similar to the ground rumbling.
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
221 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
There was no one in the waiting room. Maybe the other performers were going to
check out the next following stage performance…………no, maybe, after seeing
Miku's overwhelming stage performance, they might be dazed.
"What's wrong, Shidou. If you're not in high spirits, then you won't be able to win
even if it is something winnable you know?"
"………Yeah"
He made a powerless smile. Tohka tilted her head not quite knowing what he meant.
No, what Tohka said was completely correct. No matter how magnificent the
opponent's performance was, if he was swallowed into it then, it's another problem
before the match.
But, no matter how much he tries to shake it off, the bad feeling won't clear away.
Even though they made a substitute plan for the singing, but in the current situation
where he does not know the identity of the replacements to fill in the hole Aii,Mai
and Mii opened, it was no wonder he would worry-------
And, at that moment, when he thought the waiting room's door slowly opened, on
top of Shidou's head who has his head hanging down, and heard a voice he heard
somewhere before.
"Kuku, aren't you making quite a gloomy face. It's like you got your legs captured
by the dead"
"Disappointment. There is no ambition here. If that's the case, then it's like losing
before the fight even began"
"…………!?"
As if he was flicked by their voices, Shidou immediately raised his head.
The ones standing over there were two girls wearing maid uniforms on their
bodies.
"Kaguya! Yuzuru!"
Tohka opened her eyes wide in surprise and called both their names.
"Both of you………why are you two in a place like this"
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
222 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
When Shidou asked them, both of them folded their arms.
"Kuku, we heard it from Kotori. It looks like you are in trouble from not having
enough members"
"Support. If it is okay with Shidou, would you leave that role to us?"
"Eh……? The,then, the replacements Kotori was talking about are…………"
When Shidou asked, both of them nodded perfectly in the same timing.
"Yes, it's us. Kuku…………you are able to borrow the power of us Yamais. Feel
honored right?"
"Affirmative. Leave it to us"
They said that and in a very confident manner took a hard to understand pose.
"Wai,wait a sec both of you. Well, I thank you for the consideration but, even if you
say it's that easy to join, there is no time left until the real thing you know? You girls
haven't practiced either--------"
Right in the middle of Shidou's sentence, Kaguya and Yuzuru looked at each other,
and leisurely walked towards the instruments placed deep in the room. And then,
Kaguya sat in front of the drum, while Yuzuru grabbed the bass.
In the next moment, both of them started performing without making any signals.
"eh………!?"
By reflex, he let out that voice.
To say it simply-----both of their performances, were incredibly good.
Passionate and yet powerful while not losing harmony. It was a melody of drums
that carves a rhythm that leads everybody, and a bass played fluently due to flowinglike
fingering.
Even to an amateur's ears, intenseness could be easily understood. It was a jam
session to the level that if there were someone from the entertainment production
here, they would immediately hand their business card to them.
"Well……that's about it"
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
223 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
"Sigh. Fuu"
After finishing the performance, both of them walk closer and exchanged a high
five.
"Wh,why are you so good, both of you"
When he asked, Kaguya and Yuzuru glanced at each other before lifting the side of
their lips.
"Kuku…………Don't belittle me human. A match like this, we already finished it up"
"Confirm. It's true we did that on contest Number 72 [Storm calling drum battle]
and, [Best bassist award battle. Incidentally Kaguya won the first one while Yuzuru
won the latter one"
When she said that, Shidou remembered something.
Now that he thinks about it, both Kaguya and Yuzuru a long time ago before
meeting Shidou, both of them had repeated many contests. He heard they got tired of
only fistfights and decided to try various types of matches but…………to think
something like this was also included.
"………hey, Shidou. Thanks to you, both of us can be together"
"Petition. This time by all means, let Yuzuru and Kaguya save you"
Kaguya and Yuzuru said to him.
Naturally, Miku was a formidable enemy. Adding on, Miku fans were filling the
hall. After finishing such a perfect performance, she was not an easy opponent that
will let them snatch away her win that easily.
But-------Shidou swallowed his saliva
After taking Kaguya and Yuzuru's hand respectively, he immediately lifted his face.
"………YOSH………!"
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
224 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
225 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 4
After turning her eyeballs to the lower left while giving an order inside her head, a
small number was projected on her retina. 14:55-----------there are 5 more minute
before the operation starts.
Jessica Bayley who was floating in the air of Tenguu Square, *Perori* licked her
lips.
"Well then…………it's about time ne. Everyone, are you ready?"
" "
She heard the voices of her subordinates from the headset all at once. Jessica
nodded in satisfaction.
Right now deployed in the sky above Tenguu Square, there were 10 members in the
3rd battle team with Jessica included, and 20 remote control war doll
<Bandersnatch>s, an extremely extravagant line up.
What's more, right now on Jessica and the group's bodies, starting from a 10.5cm
laser gun <Merry ram>, the micro-missile pod <Twin cluster>, and a Laser edge
built-in single element cutter <King call>, they were wearing DEM industries' latest
equipment, all of them not yet distributed to any other countries.
No matter how much the opponent is the AAA rank <Princess>, there is no way she
could handle being showered by all this concentrated fire.
*Nii* Jessica made a broad smile, and looked down toward Tenguu Square's eastern
block spread out before her eyes.
After a few minutes, the target Yatogami Tohka will stand on the central stage.
First off, they will destroy the ceiling of the central stage from their current
position, then the dispatch team <Bandersnatch>s will infiltrate and seize the target.
They will then start their attack once again towards the target that was seized by the
<Bandersnatch>s------ they will then injure the target first with damage before the
target is captured, that was the plan.
Roger
Yes Ma'am
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
226 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Of course, Jessica wasn't someone who kills for pleasure. It was not like she does
not feel any sympathy toward the considerable number of casualties that will appear
from her own attacks.
But, that slight sentimental feeling was completely erased by the sweet sound of
Westcott's orders which imply capturing the spirits is for the greater good. Right
now, Jessica only recognizes the stage audience as a group of potatoes or pumpkins.
And then. The buzzer rang on the headset. Time 1500. It was time to start the
operation.
"------well then, it's time. Adeptus 4 to 12 move to the designated spot. Prepare for
attack. <Bandersnatch>s also get ready. 20 units below Outer 1, prepare to infiltrate.
" "
The same reply as just now echoed, and the fully equipped wizards and
<Bandersnatch>s followed Jessica's orders and deployed.
"Well then……let the party begin"
After saying that, Jessica pointed her laser gun toward the Tenguu Square central
stage.
Roger
Yes Ma'am
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
227 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
228 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 5
At the same time, 15000 meters above Tenguu Square. In the bridge of <Fraxinus>
the airship <Ratatoskr> uses, a loud alarm rang.
"What on earth is the problem!"
Kotori who was sitting in the commander's seat raised her eyebrows at the sudden
alarm and brought her eyes to the monitor spread out in front of her. But, there were
no particularly strange changes happening there. Miku's mind parameters shown on
the side monitor were also not showing any big changes that could be seen,
"Re,Reading in the radar! Above Tenguu Square, there are readings thought to be
AST around 20……………30!"
"What did you say………!?"
Hearing the crew's report, Kotori's face distorted further.
Simultaneously, the main monitor showing the image of Shidou and the group was
immediately switched to images of the sky.
There were 10 wizards wearing exaggerated CR-units around their whole body, and
20 strange machine dolls, all of them floating above and looking down towards the
Tenguu Square central stage.
"These guys are…………"
After looking at them, Kotori bit the chupa chups she was licking on.
Clearly not a Japanese team. And the month before the last, it was the unmanned
soldiers <Bandersnatch> that appeared when Shidou and the rest were on their
school trip. No matter how you look at it, it wasn't the formation of the normal AST.
No--------before that, it was currently usual time where the SpaceQuake alarm has
not rung. Naturally the residents in the vicinity were not evacuated to the
shelter…………far from that, they were gathered all in one place due to the Tennou
Festival. Thinking rationally, the reality of them wearing the secret technology CRunits
and appearing was impossible by itself.
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
229 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
"People from DEM……….? Even if it is true, why at a timing like…………"
Kotori, rang her throat with the words possible thought swirling in her head.
"Don't tell me…………"
She confirmed the place once again. Tenguu Square. Just above the large scale
convention Centre used to hold the Tennou Festival.---------Tohka, Yoshino, Yamai
sisters and Miku. It was an area with 5 spirits gathered. If by any chance, this
information was gained by DEM……………
"Kuh…………."
It was a stupid imagination thought to be impossible normally. If a battle took place
there, it was not hard to imagine a large number of casualties appearing. Even if
they were restrained by the scruff of their necks by DEM, it was unthinkable that the
Japan Ground-Self Defense Force would allow something like that.
But, it was also true; there were no other thinkable targets other than those girls.
"Commander, what should we do"
"…………We can't leave them alone right?"
Even though she said that, in their current circumstances the number of actions they
could take were limited. They can't fire cannon attacks as long as Tenguu Square
was below them, and hurling the <Yggd Folium> to sweep through that number was
just too hard.
Probably having guessed Kotori's thoughts, Kannazuki quietly let his voice out.
"If it is okay with you, should I go out"
"………There's no choice. I'm counting------"
And, the moment Kotori was about to finish her sentence. The alarm in the bridge
once again rang.
"!? What's it this time!"
"One more above Tenguu Square sky, a huge reading appeared! Thi,this is------"
At the same time as the crew's confusion, the monitor switched and the owner of the
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
230 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
new reading appeared.
"Wha………don't tell me, that's…………"
Looking at that, Kotori gulped.
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
231 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
232 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 6
"Wha!?"
---The moment she was about to pull the trigger. At the same time as a shine
appeared from the sky in front, the alarm showing a heat signal approaching rang
from the headset and Jessica took an emergency evasion.
The spot Jessica was at just now was passed through by a strong torrent of Maryoku.
It seems one <Bandersnatch> unit got caught in it and had its upper half of its body
blown away.
At that ridiculous power, her face turned pale by reflex.
Even though it has a lower precision than a wizard, there was a Territory laid out
around the surroundings of the <Bandersnatch>'s whole body. Even though it didn't
have time to use its defense specialties, something like piercing through that
invisible wall like paper was something thought to be impossible by common sense.
"Wha, what's this!"
"Hu, huge energy reading coming from the front!"
"It……is not a spirit. It's the reading of generated Maryoku! Thi, this is………
don't tell me-----------"
Coming from the gap in the clouds spread out before her, that appeared.
---That was a tank, or else something like an unusual castle-like shaped weapon.
It was equipped with 2 cannons that look like giant trees, that was how big those
lumps of metal were. At the front, there was a high-output laser blade capable of
evaporating before touching and slicing the target apart, and a boorish weapon
container used to store many weapons was enshrined at the back.
And in the middle. As if it were an emblem, one wizard could be seen.
---An AST wizard from the Japan Ground-Self Defense Force. It was Master
Sergeant Tobiichi Origami.
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
233 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
"Ah……………"
However, even after confirming a face she knows, Jessica's trembling wouldn't
settle down.
"Impossible-------Don't tell me…………<White Licorice>……?"
She let out her voice dumbfounded.
Jessica only saw that [monster] once in her homeland.
In order to single-handedly destroy the Spirit, how much on power was needed to do
so-----
With that, it was the [Strongest Defect unit] built by the honest and simple
development department, following the values calculated out from theoretical
calculations from the big-headed intelligence department.
Since it cripples the test user by just moving it for 30 minutes, it was some kind of
objet d'art others couldn't prepare and deployed as something to symbolize DEM's
power, technology and humor.
It's true that, she received some reports.
There was an extremely stupid wizard that got restrained after failing to bring down
a Spirit, even after finally taking out the <White Licorice> which was deployed to
the Japan Ground-Self Defense Force in her own accord.
When she heard that, Jessica naturally laughed. That's because, it was an equipment
that even a wizard from DEM can't properly make use of. It was okay for a rash and
elated member of the AST to try using it but, that person fainted after the unit
immediately reached operation limits without her achieving anything……………
that's probably all of it Jessica thought.
But-----if that is the case, then the thing floating in front of Jessica right now was----
--
"Why………can you move <Licorice>………!"
"…………………"
Origami didn't reply and silently raised her chin.
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
234 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
At the same time, the 2 giant muzzles equipped on the left and right on the cannon
cannisters were pointed towards Jessica and her team.
"Kuh------Change of target! Prepare for counter attack!"
After Jessica let out a shrill voice, she pointed her gun toward the <White Licorice>.
But, in the next instant, *Buun* Origami swing the blade unit with both her hands.
When she did that, a light sword was released from there and got a direct hit on
Jessica's prepared laser cannon.
"Wha…………"
There was no impact. No sparks was scattered. But Jessica raised her eyebrows
from the sudden uncomfortable feeling.
Her right hand-----won't move.
When she looked over, her right hand was coiled with a light sash, and found out it
was the reason why her actions were obstructed.
"This kind of………thing!"
She made an order in her head and the Territory section enhanced. She then tried to
shake off the light sash------but, at that time it was already too late, Origami once
again pointed the Maryoku cannon towards Jessica. She operated the thrusters in
panic and escaped from that spot. She was late by one beat, and the Maryoku light
scratched Jessica's Territory.
"Wha………What are you all doing! Shoot her down! Hurry!"
When Jessica shouted, it seemed her frozen subordinates finally returned to
themselves. They deployed themselves to surround Origami, and next shot laser
guns and missiles at her.
Amongst the shooting, one small missile strayed downwards and the small sound of
an explosion echoed from direction of the Tenguu Square-----it was a structure that
was going to have more big holes opened in it anyway. No one even cared. But, in
order to shoot down the monster in front of them, they launched all of the ammo
they had. Origami holding the giant <white Licorice> as the core, she was covered
by smoke.
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
235 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
"Stop, the shooting!"
After a span 120 seconds of concentrated fire, Jessica raised her voice. Her
subordinates and the <Bandersnatch>s stopped attacking.
It was a firing of the entire latest anti-spirit weapon they had from all directions at
once. Even if the opponent is that <White Licorice>, there was no way it won't be
unaffected. But------
"Wha……!"
"Thi,this is……"
The sound of her subordinates' confusion echoed. Jessica raised her eyebrows and
brought her hands to the headset.
"What on earth is wrong!?"
"A Territory not belonging to me was formed around my surroundings---------II
can't move my body!"
"What did you say………?"
The moment she said that, the white smoke expanding in front of her was scattered
to the surroundings as if a whirlwind were forming.
And coming from inside, all the weapon containers from behind opened and
Origami who made several hundred anti-spirit warheads peek out appeared.
"………! Evade!!"
Even though she shouted, it was too late. Coming all at once from the weapon
container, a large number of missiles was launched and was heading towards the
wizards and <Bandersnatch>s who had their movements sealed.
The appearance of white smoke blowing around while warheads were launched.
---It looked like, licorice petals.
"Kua………!?"
"Ca,captainnn!!"
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
236 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
From the communicator equipped on the headset, she could hear the screams of her
subordinates. They were probably shot down by the attack just now; some
teammates and <Bandersnatch>s have smoke spewing from their equipment and
were falling to the ground.
Taking a look at the sensor projected on her retina, their vital signs did not
disappear, but it was probably impossible for them to return to the battle.
From the cannon attack just now, it looked like around half the whole team was shot
down. After Jessica made a loud click with her tongue, she gave a mental command
and a new communication line was opened.
"-----It's an emergency situation! Requesting reinforcements!"
But, the communication that was received after some time passed, suddenly had
something unbelievable on it.
"………ahh---, this line currently is not in use. Since Kusakabe Ryouko cannot
be even here due to orders from the higher up, please confirm the above
transmission once more"
Like that, Ryouko's obvious voice said that.
"What are you joking around at a time like this! The subordinate at your place is on
a rampage you know!?"
However, Ryouko only repeated what she said before and did not respond back.
"…This was by your instigation huh. Remember this. I will have this case turn into a
problem"
After Jessica said that resentfully, she then closed the line connecting to Ryouko and
opened to another channel.
It was a method she didn't want to use but------there was no choice. It was better than
the operation ending in failure.
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
237 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
238 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
"This is Adeptus 3! It's an emergency! Requesting urgent reinforcements!"
Jessica was avoiding incoming missiles while letting out a shrill voice.
DEM industries Japan branch office. She directed it to the place where Isaac
Westcott was most likely at right now.
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
239 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
240 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 7
Echoes of cheers could be heard from the stage. While that happened, as if in
agreement, his heartbeat was ringing like an alarm bell.
"………………kuh"
He moistened his throat which was dry from nervousness. While at it, he also took a
deep breath. His heartbeat was set on not settling down. However that was only
normal. That's because right now, Shidou was in the situation of waiting at the wing
of the stage for his turn.
Incidentally, the clothes the band members was covered in right now was the same
maid uniform from just now.
In reality, they had already prepared the costumes meant for the stage performance
but, since Ai Mai and Mii holding onto them had withdrawn, there was no share for
Kaguya and Yuzuru.-------but at that moment, he realized everyone was wearing the
same outfit.
"Well…………speaking of costumes, this is a costume…………right?"
The jazz band performance from the previous school ended and everyone made a
bow together. And for the second time, *clap**clap*the sound of applause echoed.
He took a glance behind. Over there was three people almost completely unnervous:
Tohka, Kaguya and Yuzuru.
"Look at this Kaguya, Yuzuru. I was entrusted with this!"
"Hohou, Tohka's instrument is the "
"Agree. Yuzuru thinks it suits you a lot. Not sarcastic"
The previous performers left the stage and even after the staff set up the drum sets, it
was still in this state. Shidou was a little envious about the steel mentally the Spirits
have.
And, at that moment, he heard the sound of an alarm-like sound coming from the
incam in his right ear.
honest bell rung to make tunes
Tambourine
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
241 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
"Kotori? Did something happen?"
When Shidou asked, after a moment of unnatural silence, Kotori replied back.
"……………Nothing. Shidou, just focus on the stage performance"
"I-I know"
Incidentally, the <Ratatoskr> incam currently in Shidou's right ear, while a sound
recording specialised ear monitor was in his left ear. It was an indispensable
equipment to prevent the cheers from slipping in and making the sound unable to be
heard but, since both his ears were covered; he felt his ears became a little distant.
"Is that really true. You look quite nervous"
"Even if you say that…………I can't help it. It's not like I am doing it on purpose"
"Should I tell you a good way to loosen that nervousness?"
"Ah?"
"Write [幼女][6D 3] on your palm 3 times and eat it"
"Isn't it supposed to be [人][6D 4]!?"
"It isn't that different from human anyway. Shidou prefers that one more
right?"
"Don't say things that will bring misunderstandings"
"Oh my, unsatisfied?………………..then just go with [妹][6D 5]"
"Huh………? What did you say?"
"………Fuun, nothing"
For some reason, Kotori snorted unhappily.
And, as if to match up with that, the stage wing staff made a signal to Shidou and the
group. It would seem they finished preparing the hall.
From the speaker installed on the stage, the announcement started broadcasting.
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
242 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
"-----Next off, a band performance from the volunteers of the metropolitan Raizen
high school"
As if to respond to that, the sound of applause could be heard from the hall.
"O, okay, let's go"
After saying that, Shidou made a step forward. Tohka, Kaguya and Yuzuru also
followed him.
From the dim stage wing, he came out to the stage where spot lights were shining ---
---
"……………………"
Shidou unintentionally swallowed his breath.
That time when he saw Miku on stage just now. And the time until now he was
looking at the audience seat from the stage wing .------Both of those weird feelings
were covering Shidou's whole body.
Inside that dark hall, the stage solely brimming with light. The completely filled
audience seats. The flood of gazes.
All of that became one and as if it were gravity, it tangled itself around Shidou's
hands and legs.
"…………I see, this is amazing"
*lick* he licked his lips. It tasted a little like salt.
He rehearsed many times. There was also a time when he was made to sing along
with the gathered <Ratatoskr> mechanic department members in order to get
experience.
But------wrong. Clearly, it was wrong.
The atmosphere during the real deal. The real feeling of tension. That intimidating
air stabbing blades into Shidou's soul mercilessly.
---However
"…………haha"
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
243 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Shidou, made a small laugh.
It's true; this was his first time in his life standing on a big stage like this.
But, Shidou already knew about this atmosphere he should not have known before.
Tohka. Yoshino. Kurumi. Kotori. The Yamai sisters.
This was the atmosphere when he confronted a Spirit.
Extreme dates where a single mistake in choice could lead to his death. With that
repeated many times, it looks like Shidou's heart has been trained somewhere along
the way.
While holding the guitar, after Shidou stood in front of the mic stand in the center of
the stage, he brought his sight to his back left and right.
To his right was Tohka. Left was Yuzuru. And right behind was Kaguya. All the
members reached their designated spot and in order to respond to Shidou's gaze,
they nodded.
Incidentally, there were mic stands placed in front of Tohka and Yuzuru too. Since
there are parts of chorus and unisons inside the song, it seems alibis were prepared
just in case.
After Shidou finished tuning, he once again exchanged glances and nods.
"Kuku…………alright, let's play this, the death melody that leads to the realm of the
dead!"
Kaguya said something dangerous while, *Clank**Clank, ringing the stick.
Matching that, Shidou started playing the guitar. Same thing from the left side,
Yuzuru's shining bass skills, and from the right, *Shan**Shan* the sound of Tohka's
tambourine could be heard.
A light musical accompaniment. Although the song was from a pro, the
performance belongs to only Shidou and the group.
When they start playing, the remaining would be to follow accordingly to practice.
The pick was running on the string as if it was dancing, and played the tone
accordingly to his thoughts. The nervousness that was wrapping his whole body was
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
244 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
slowly turning into an uplifting feeling.
But-------an abnormality occurred there.
"……………Eh?"
In the middle of the performance, Shidou raised his eyebrows.
Even though the musical accompaniment finished-------the song, did not flow out.
The same time when Shidou felt that, the Kotori's panicked voice could be heard
from the Incam.
"Shidou! It's an emergency! A part of the Tenguu Square's electric wiring has
been damaged by someone, the tone generator we prepared can't be used!"
"Wha-----The,then how on earth"
"You'll have to sing it naturally! The mic's switch is on right now!"
"Ha……no, no way, even if you say that suddenly-----------"
The mic's howling echoed for a moment, and Shidou stopped his words. If he were
to converse with Kotori more than this, his voice would be picked up by the mic and
it will echo inside the whole hall.
But, during the time he was doing this, the performance was still going on.
Luckily, thanks to repetitive practice, Shidou's fingers was still somehow moving in
contrary with the confusion in his head but, due to the unpredicted situation, the
song tone completely did not come out.
At first the audience were joining in with the Shidou's group to make the rhythm but,
it seems a part of them started to notice something was off. The audience in front
was tilting their head in suspicion.
"ah------"
An incomparable strange nervousness tied itself to his body. His teeth roots cried.
His legs shook. His sight was slowly getting blurry. I would rather make a flashy
collapse. Even that thought scratched his mind. He was even aware that kind of
thought was dangerous himself. From the sudden accident, instead of the song
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
245 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
recovery, other minus images such as finishing this unsettled stage performance
with other ideas started eroding his mind.
This kind of thought was no difference from an elementary student wishing a
meteorite would fall onto the school because he didn't finish his homework. There
is no productivity or possibility, wishing for a one-shot reversal are thoughts of
destruction.
It's no use, it's no use. He said it so he could hear it in his head. If he stopped the
performance here, it will absolutely be impossible to beat Miku. But, those thoughts
accelerated Shidou's impatience, and further misted his memory. The song won't
come out. His voice won't come out. Even his breathing was slowly turning shaky.
"U,ah………"
It was at that time.
"--------------------------------"
From somewhere.
---The song could be, heard.
"Eh…………?"
For a moment, he thought the electrical wiring they prepared was restored and
started broadcasting the song but--------wrong.
Compared to the one in his memory, the voice was completely different. Rather, this
voice -------
Without moving the position of his face, he slowly turned his sight. And.
"Toh……ka?"
Shidou called that name with a soft voice enough not to be picked up by the mic.
Yes. Tohka standing at Shidou's right side was singing the song while shaking the
tambourine rhythmically.
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
246 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
What's more, the thing that should be shocking was-------that song.
"Amazing………"
It was so good, that it was enough to fall in love unintentionally from hearing it.
No, to put it better words, [good] is probably the wrong way to put it. Loyal to the
melody…………it is definitely not that. Most likely, it was sung comprised with her
own arrangements. Not only that, there were even mistakes in the lyrics too.
However, what should be the best way to put it. That voice, that song, they oddly
uplift the hearts of the people listening to them.
"----------------------"
At that moment, Shidou who was gazing at Tohka's expression, unintentionally
opened his eyes wide.
On Tohka's face, the enthusiastic mood of the big stage, the hostility toward Miku,
and even the sense of duty of being left with a big job too, could not be felt from it.
She only looked, like she was having fun.
To be able to have a musical performance with Shidou and the group, made her so
unbearably happy and overjoyed that it turned [Sound] to [Fun].
---no, Shidou shook his head a little.
He had to make a good performance; he had to beat Miku no matter what, he didn't
really put it in his mind since he continued practicing as if he was cornering himself
but…………now that he thinks about it, Tohka was always making that face during
practice time.
Most likely, she tried to memorize the lyrics but ended up memorizing the wrong
thing. When Shidou was in the middle of having fun with Origami's song, he
remembered that although it was vague.
"…………………ha, ha, ha"
Shidou naturally laughed.
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
247 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
The strong pressure that was tangling his limbs until now disappeared as if it had
been a lie. His fingers moved so lightly that he surprised himself. The moment he
was conscious about that, Shidou rang the guitar strings the hardest until now.
It was not like he was showing the [Attracting techniques] he enclosed himself
researching during middle school, nor did he suddenly awaken into rock.
---A musical performance following the textbook won't match Tohka's singing!
Simply, he only thought that.
Most likely, the song tune was completely chaos. That's probably true. If he was able
to make a perfect arrangemenet from such a cramped performance method, then
tomorrow Shidou would send a drop-out letter and go out to make a debut in the
entertainment business.
But, if it's now.
If it's now, it's different.
That's because right now, Shidou wasn't alone…………!
Kaguya and Yuzuru immediately scooped up Shidou's sudden rampage and perfectly
followed the chaotic performance. Probably feeling there was a change in the
melody, Tohka took a glance towards Shidou and the rest of the group and gave a
dazzling smile.
"………………!"
In an instant------*beat*, his heart jumped.
It was not from the nervousness from just now. It's more-------
But, now was not the time to space such thoughts in his brain capacity.
The song also finished its first part, and entered the second half of the performance.
At that moment, inside Shidou's head, a secret desire appeared.
It was simple.
---I want to sing with Tohka.
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
248 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
On top of this big stage, I want to sing with Tohka!
Although Shidou does not have deadly tone deafness, it was not like he had the skill
to sing that well. At the very least, they won't beat Miku like this, as far as Kotori
cutting it down immediately, that was how skillful he was as a singer.
But, even so, unexpectedly it looks like he can't resist the sprouted bud of desire
inside his heart.
At the same time with the second part starting, Shidou started singing and matched
up with Tohka.
"………………!"
Tohka continued singing while looking at Shidou in surprise.
But, that was only in an instant. Tohka looked happier than just now and her voice
started getting livelier.
As if to make it go to Tohka, he reverberated his throat. The tone that won't come
out at all just now was spinning out of his mouth unconsciously.
While he was singing, Shidou had completely forgotten about the match with Miku.
His head was only being controlled by a simple fragment of his emotions.
It's fun!
-----It's fun!
--------------It's fun!!
……by the time he noticed this, the song was already over.
His shoulders suddenly shook. His whole body was full of sweat, so drenched as if
he'd jumped into a pool.
"Shidou!"
And, Tohka came running towards him with a dazzling smile.
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
249 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
"Hand!"
"Oh………Ou!"
After he raised his hands as he was told, on it Tohka's hand *Pachin!* hit on it.
In that moment--------
Shidou's ear was shaken by a loud cheer and applause, so loud that the Incam and
ear monitor were neglected.
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
250 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
251 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Chapter 5: Azure Flash
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
252 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
253 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 1
"Wizards, 6-------dolls, 5………….."
Counting the readings shown on the sensor projected on her retina, Origami quietly
muttered.
Targets, 11 remaining. By calculations 2/3 of the original value has been dropped.
"………………."
Moments ago, the side of her view caught the dolls remaining she shot down falling
to the ground, she exhaled.
The body frame of the slender body, and the massive arms. Knee joints opposite to
humans. The head that looks like a smooth full face helmet. And, numerous parts of
the CR-unit installed onto the body's important parts.
She was familiar with that mechanical human doll.
The month before the last. It happened when she went to an island called Arubi
Island during her school trip. It obstructed Origami's road when she was about to go
and chase Shidou who went out into the storm but, it was the same model type as
these robots.
That doll--------the so called <Bandersnatch>, she was shocked when it appeared
with the DEM wizards but, rather now that it turned to this, it turned into a material
that gains Origami's understanding.
A mechanical doll that can use the Realizer which will not operate unless it was
connected to the human brain.
---she thought perhaps because it was from a very unusually state-of- the-art but, as
expected it looks like it was something from the DEM industries. Like this, she was
convinced of the reason why, the dolls appeared during the school trip before and
the reason why there was absolutely no counter measures discussed even after the
higher ups was reported about its existence.
"……………….I won't let you lay even a finger on, Shidou"
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
254 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
She clenched the back of her teeth and made an order to her brain.
She determined the wizard and doll targets in her sights and made a limited release
on the fixed point Territory. The precision was low due to parallel activations of
over 10 Territory's but, even so it was possible to stop their legs for an instant. The
containers from number 5 to 8 immediately made a full activation, and missiles
were launched towards the targets.
All the wizards broke free from the restriction and managed to evade in a paper thin
difference but, 2 <Bandersnatch> units had their head and arms receive damage
before crashing downwards.
"Damn it, damn it, what on earth are you!"
Naturally, the remaining wizards on the spot starting from Jessica aimed at Origami
and fired laser cannons or launched missiles at her. But, Origami was not such a
nice person to receive that many times. She operated the high-output thrusters
installed under the lower part of the weapon container, and dash into the sky with an
unthinkable speed from <White Licorice>'s giant body.
She would deploy fixed point Territory's on the predicted courses on attacks she
can't avoid, or deploy a defense type Territory on the impact point to defend herself.
Origami could not do anything to the <Bandersnatch> when she was using her body
but, the story is different if she has this <White Licorice>. An unmanned weapon that
uses the Realizer. It's true, it was a wonder and threat at the same time but, as long as
it has simple battle abilities, it won't be comparable to human Wizards, those were
Origami's evaluation. Whether it was the Realizer controls or the small driving
force, both it was remarkably inferior to those of the Wizards. They were now easy
targets for Origami, thanks to boastful firepower of a troop that can be used
independently.
"Shoot! Shoot!"
Not learning from experience, the Wizards launched a barrage. The huge number of
ammo launched covered her entire view entirely and was heading towards Origami.
As expected, this number can't be avoided. Origami instantly made a judgment and
activate the specialize defense Realizer around her body. It was not such a great
power. If it is in a level like this, getting some hits won't-------
"………………!?"
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
255 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
The moment she thought that, Origami's sights turned wobbly.
Her Territory distorted for an instant and several ammo exploded on <White
Licorice>'s armor. An intense impact shook Origami's head, and light vomit feeling
attacked her.
"Kuh-------"
After Origami slightly frowns her face, she activated the thrusters and temporarily
escapes from that spot. After stopping the remaining Wizards inside the range of her
sights, she rearranged her breathing.
"……………………..hn?"
Looking at Origami's suspicious movements, Jessica twitched her eyebrows.
"Ah------aha. Hahahahahaha! I see, it's about that"
Even though her face was pale until now, after Jessica made a sudden happy laugh,
she pointed at Origami.
"Looks like it's almost the time limit. Miss amazing Wizard-san"
Origami narrowed her eyes at Jessica's words. At that moment, a slimy-like feeling
was formed around her mouth.
While not letting the enemies off her sights, she tried wiping it off with her hands.
She found out blood was sticking onto the palm of her hands. It looks like blood
came out from her nose.
For an instant, she thought it was because of that attack but………….wrong.
"This, is……………."
Next, an intense headache and sleepiness hit Origami while she said it like a groan.
This was not the first time she felt this. --------it was the activation limit.
"Fu…………..hahaha! Too bad. Very regrettable. But, it's already the end when it
turns into that"
At the same time with Jessica laughing, in the sky behind her, several silhouette
appeared. It was the <Bandersnatch>.
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
256 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Those bodies completely do not look damaged at all. It would seem it was not the
ones Origami shot down but rather reinforcements that were sent from somewhere.
Maybe she confirmed that, Jessica made a further boastful winning smile.
"Fufu."
"………………kuh"
Inside the intense headache and gradually hazy sights, Origami clenched her teeth
together.
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
257 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
258 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 2
In the Tenguu square central, the performers for the first-day lined up.
Everyone had nervous expressions and gulping down while waiting for the
ceremony master's voice.
That was supposed to be so. Right now, all the stage performance as well as the
voting ended, and were currently in the middle of announcing the top ranking high
schools.
"Third place for the Stage performance division-------Senjou University's high
school division"
The moment the name of the school was announced from the speaker, applauses and
cheers filled nearby and Senjou University's performers that were on stage, raised
happy voices.
It was the club that performed jazz just before Shidou and the group. Shidou
*clap**clap* clapped his hands.
Being chosen as third place means they were quite good. The reason why his
impression was so vague and simple was because…………..from the stage wing, he
was able to hear the performance from that closest spot to the performers but, since
he was nervous most of it didn't remain inside his ears.
"Second place!"
And, as if to control the cheers, the announcement once again echoed.
In reality, the thing the audiences were attentive was from here on out. The hall that
was filled with voices, applause and whistling turned quiet. Inside everyone's mind,
there was no mistake 2 schools were floating in it.
The best stage performance shown by the Invincible Rindouji's active idol, Izayoi
Miku.
Showing a miracle happening at the very last minute, the Raizen's stage
performance.
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
259 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Maybe they had auras that Spirit holds. From anyone eyes, both of them were
extraordinary.
After putting up in a somewhat nervous state, the ceremony master took a breath
before continuing.
"------Slightly inferior! The Raizen high school!"
"……………….!"
The moment that name echoed out from the speaker and the result was shown out on
the big monitor installed on the stage, for an instant, he felt as if time stopped.
After a beat, when he opened his eyes inside the ringing echoes of applauses, cheers
and a small some commotion, *smile* the face of Miku's lip distorting entered his
view.
That was only natural. Shidou and the group being second place would mean-------
"And, taking the laurels of first place for the stage performance division!"
The announcement echoed throughout, and at the same time! *Kaa!* the spotlights
were collecting on Miku.
"The expectedly strong! The King. Rindouji Academy for Girls!!"
"OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOUUUUUUUUUUUUU-
------!!"
The loud cheer was causing a strong shaking in the hall's atmosphere.
"Shi,Shidou………."
When Shidou was being absentminded, Tohka let out her voice while bringing her
sights towards the monitor showing the rankings. Her expression was dyed with
uneasiness, and her fingertips were slightly shaking.
"D,did we lose……………? B-because I sang…….."
"! N-no! It's not Tohka's fault!"
Even when Shidou swung his head, Tohka's almost crying face didn't clear up. It was
like; she didn't heard what Shidou said.
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
260 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
"Fufu,fufufufufu-----…………."
When Tohka was making weak voices, coming from behind, Miku's giggling could
be heard.
"Miku………"
"Look. Isn't it exactly like what I said? This happens when you rely on something
like comrades---"
Still continuing, having the ceremony master's announcement as BGM, Miku was
smiling while coming closer to him.
And, Miku who walked closer until she was right in front of Shidou, *kui*, lifted
Shidou's chin up.
"At any rate, a promise is a promise. Shiori-san and all 5 Spirit-san's that have their
Reiryoku's sealed by Shiori-san, will now be mine from today onwards"
"Kuh-----"
"Ufufu----, please don't be that afraid. I will properly spoil you nicely so------"
And.
In the middle of Miku's words, the ceremony master raised the loudest voice yet.
"----and, with that! Summing it all up, taking first place for day 1 of the Tennou
festival has been decided to be Raizen highschoolllllllllllllllll!"
"………………..heh?"
Dumbfounded, Miku opened her eyes wide.
It was the same for Shidou and the group too. Honestly, it was like they didn't hear
the ceremony masters talk at all.
As if to answer the question Shidou and the rest have, the ceremony master
continued talking.
"It turned out into a very unexpected result. Rindouji's overwhelming
performance that others couldn't get close to managed to nab first place in the
stage performance division but, it seems this year their exhibition division and
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
261 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
refreshment booth division was dull"
"Eh……………? Eh………….?"
Miku swung her face left and right in a state where she didn't get it.
"Using this opportunity, Raizen which has taken second place in the stage
performance managed to get the push. Especially the votes for the maid cafe in
the refreshment booth division were amazing! This would bring controversy
during the reviews but, the executive member's enthusiastic push succeeded in
taking shape!"
"Ha,ha………….."
Shidou laughed powerlessly.
He never would have thought they were going to be saved by Ai Mai and Mii in a
setting like this.
"Shidou!"
Tohka's expression completely changed and jumped at him. After that, late by a beat,
from left and right Kaguya and Yuzuru both did the same thing by moving their
hands around his neck; it somehow turned into something big.
"Kakaka! This is obvious! Something like this will be simple if we help out!"
"Agree. That is absolutely right. There is no one that can match against us"
When he was being jostled like this, Shidou finally felt the reality expanding in his
chest.
---We won.
We really won.
Against Miku. Against Rindouji.
"-----Well then, we will now proceed to the awarding. All representatives, please
come in front"
The ceremony master said that, and prompts the 3 performer groups in front.
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
262 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
But------
"…………….Please do not joke with me. What is this-------"
From behind, Miku's shaking voice could be heard.
"Isn't this strange…………….? There is no way I would lose-----……………."
"Ee,err Izayoi-san?"
Even when the ceremony master called her, Miku didn't reply and in a wobbly
manner she walked forward.
"I------I am Izayoi Miku you know? I am………I am……………"
"…………….Miku"
Shidou suppressed his heart rate by putting his hands on his chest before, quietly
calling out to her, and walking to her.
But, at that moment, Miku twitched her body.
"Stop it………..I-I won…………I won properly! Those girls………….it's because
those girls didn't do it properly!"
"…………don't say something like that. The Rindouji students should have done
their best"
"I-I don't know! I don't know about something like that! I………………even though
I won………!"
"Ah----……………"
Hearing Miku's words, Shidou scratched his cheeks a little embarrassed.
After that, despite being self-aware of himself being stinky, he said those words.
"How should I put this…………..it's thanks to my comrades………….something
like that?"
"……………com,rade………."
Miku muttered that with detest, and made a sullen face. Shidou nodded
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
263 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
exaggeratedly.
"Yeah. We certainly can't match with you in singing……………but, whether it's the
maid cafe, or the other students that prepared the exhibitions, they will fill in the part
we are lacking in"
"Wha, what……….is that. Please do not joke with me……….comrade……..? haha,
for mere humans, there is no way they are that useful………"
"But, even for those mere humans, when their bonds are connected, they won
against you"
Miku choked her voice. Shidou continued talking.
"Hey. Humans………..are interesting right. That's why, Miku, you too------"
"………………masu"
"Eh?"
He couldn't hear Miku's words and asked her again.
"Comrade? Bonds…….? That is unthinkable. That kind of thing, is meaningless in
front of me………!"
After that, Miku immediately raised her hanging head, and make a big spread with
both her hands.
"--------<Gabriel>!"
When he thought Miku raised a loud shout echo across the whole hall, in the next
instant, round ripples started expanding on the space under her legs.
As if to respond to Miku's voice, coming from the middle part of the ripple, an odd
giant lump of metal gradually rise up onto the stage.
It had a weird form, from the slow-witted main body; several long and narrow
silver cylinders grew out and were standing in a row. That was like, something that
makes one thinks of a giant pipe organ installed in churches.
It seems the audiences also notice that was not some sort of performance.
Commotion was stirring up in the vicinity.
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
264 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
But, Miku completely ignored that, and swung down her right hands from left to
right. When she did that, as if drawing something out from the traces of her hand, a
light sash emitting a dim glow appeared from there.
No, calling that a sash might be a misleading way to put it. Miku's body had several
small lines running on the curve covering her body; it then became a piano or an
organ's keyboard.
He doesn't know what intentions she had for calling that angel. But that caused him
to conjure a simple image of a destructive situation formed towards the humans that
were in the area.
"Miku! Wait! Listen to what I have to say! I am-------"
"Sing, sing, sing-------<Gabrieeeelllllll>!!"
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
265 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
266 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
However, Miku couldn't bear listening to him and spreads the fingers in her hands;
she then hit on the light keyboard expanded around her surroundings.
-------VOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO----------
--------!!
In that moment, the giant angel standing behind Miku, started making an incredible
sound.
Systematically, several layers of sound echoed from inside the lined up silver
cylinders, and was scattered around the surroundings. The hall's atmosphere shook,
and the vibration was transmitted into his body.
"Uh……………,gah………….!?"
He held his ears in reflex.
But, that was not an action to resist again the intense volume.
The sound that passed through the atmosphere and shook Shidou's eardrum, was
soaking into the core of Shidou's head as if it was eroding it. -----yes, it felt like
Miku's [request] was strengthen several times over.
After ten seconds. Running about in the hall like a storm, <Gabriel>'s sound
gradually soften down and eventually completely disappeared.
"………., ………."
Timidly, he removed the hands covering his ears. There was still a light shriek
ringing in his ears but, there was no other kind of changes that can be seen on his
body.
But, he immediately noticed the abnormalities.
Even when the buzzing in his ears disappeared, he could not hear any sound coming
from around him.
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
267 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Even though the hall was crowded with this many people, there was not even a slight
commotion or footsteps.
Perhaps, they had their sense of hearing taken away from the attack just
now…………..? That concern passed through Shidou's mind. The Angel Spirit
holds are [Miracles that holds shape]. It shouldn't be weird if something like that
could be done.
"Wha…………"
However, that wasn't the case. Sending to his ears, Shidou properly heard the dismay
he let out while looking around.
Towards that very weird scenery, he gasped unintentionally.
Inside the hall there were still around 1000 people in the audiences.
But even so, all of the audience, was uniformly standing up straight without even
one person left out, and without making the slightest of movements while being
expressionless, they were all sending their sights up towards the stage.
"Thi,this is…………."
It will not turn out like this unless it's an army that has taken enough training. It felt
like slipping into a mannequin factory.
"Miku, you, don't tell me…………"
He shouted and sends his sights towards Miku.
"fu………..fufu………….fu, comrade……………right? Beautiful, wonderful"
*kara**kara*Miku laughed like a broken doll.
"-----to think they would break so easily"
After saying that, Miku once again played the light keyboard and as if to respond to
the sound, the audiences made a "At ease" posture at once.
"Fufu,ufufu, with this, all of your comrade-san is allll mine you know? Nee Shiorisan,
the bond or something you said, just turned useless by just one of my
fingertips"
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
268 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
"kuh…………"
When Shidou made an anguish expression, Miku played the keyboard with a fun
smile.
When she did that, the performers on stage surrounded Shidou from behind, and
restrained both of Shidou's arms.
"Wha……….., you, let go!"
Even when he struggled, the performers didn't move an inch.
Staring at him with satisfaction, Miku split the light keyboard and leisurely walked
towards Shidou.
"The match does not matter. The promise does not matter. In this world, things that
don't go my way must not happen"
After making an attractive smile while saying that, Miku used her fingers and
*Tsu**tsu*…………..crawled it on Shidou's body.
"Hii……….!?"
"Fufu, Shiori-san, Spirit-san, all of that, belongs to me--------"
And.
While talking feverishly and touching Shidou's body, Miku stopped her movements
perfectly when she touched Shidou's lower part.
"…………..Hn?............hnnn?"
After tilting her head she retreated one step back from that spot, and for some
reason was opening and closing the hand she used to touch Shidou just now.
"That feeling just now…………n,no way, that's impossible……….."
Miku raised her eyebrows in doubt and once again rang her fingers.
"Con,confirm this!"
And then 2 new students that remained on stage, appeared on Shidou's both sides,
and flipped up the skirt of his maid uniform while being expressionless. The zero
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
269 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
sex appeal short pants he was wearing underneath got exposed.
"Uwah………….!? Wha, what are you………..!"
Even though Shidou's face unintentionally turned red and he shouted, it didn't end at
there. Again, when he thought another girl student from that spot walked out, this
time; she then lowered Shidou's short pants together with his underwear.
"Gyaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!?"
He shouted and flapped his hands and legs. When he did that, the girl students
restraining him finally let their hands go. In panic he returned his, underwear, short
pants, and skirt to its prescribed place.
But…………now wasn't the time to rest.
Before he noticed, Miku who quickly stood up to run away from Shidou, made a
face as if the world ended and directed her shaking fingers and wide opened eyes
towards Shidou.
"Shi…………..ShiShiShiShiori………….san, you're…………..a,a
mamamamama,n……………"
Miku's eyes shook and her face turned completely pale.
"Mi,Miku!, Calm down! I'm------"
Shidou somehow managed to raise a voice to calm Miku down but------it was no
good.
"Uukyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa--------------------!!"
After Miku shouted, the light keyboard that was floating on empty space returned
back to Miku. Miku once again started performing.
But, Shidou didn't have the time to fall in love hearing her song.
The moment Miku started performing, the remaining ceremony master and the
performers on stage, and the audiences in the hall, all of them ran towards Shidou at
once.
"Uu, uwaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!?"
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
270 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
"Well then, regret this! For tricking me………!"
Slipping into the sound of footsteps and roars, Miku's voice echoed.
"Kuh……….!"
Shidou raised his eyebrows and gripped his fist. There was no place to run. After a
few seconds, there was no mistake Shidou will be engulfed into the wave of
audiences.
Now that it has turned to this--------there was only one way left.
"Damn it…….!"
When Shidou made up his mind------he started running straight towards Miku.
Yes. He was going to hit Miku who was controlling everyone. It was extremely faint
of hopes but, that was the only way.
---but.
"Wha……..!?"
Shidou raised his dismayed voice. Just before he closed in on Miku, the same time
he thought the surrounding temperature suddenly dropped, an ice wall appeared as
if to separate Shidou and Miku, and blocked Shidou's course.
"This is…………..don't tell me!"
When Shidou opened his eyes wide in shock, he heard a familiar voice from behind.
"Hnn--,fufu--. That was dangerous. You shouldn't do something like that you
know?"
"O…………onee-sama, I…………will protect"
He looked towards the direction of the voice. There was a giant rabbit doll echoing
its mumbling voice there and Yoshino in her limit release AstralDress form attached
on its back.
"Yoshino!? You, why-------"
He said that and suddenly noticed. The name Yoshino put in her mouth…………
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
271 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
[Onee-sama]. That was the same thing the Rindouji Miku female fan students, and Ai
who was [Requested] by Miku say.
"Don't tell me, you……………"
The worst thought scratched Shidou's mind.
And, in the next moment, a torrent of intense wind blew violently inside the hall, and
made a big fan towards Shidou's body.
"Kuh…………!"
From the sudden matter, he unintentionally fell on the ground against his butt.
At the same time with that, a fearless voice echoed from above.
"Kuku…………..foolish. Defying our Aneue-sama[6E 1] was plain foolishness on
our part"
"Affirmative. It was an imprudent yet reckless action. We won't let you lay a finger
on Onee-sama"
While saying that, Kaguya and Yuzuru easily flew to the sky and stood still on the
sky above Miku.
On both sides, their bodies were fastened with restricting tools AstralDresses
manifested in their limit release, Kaguya was holding a large lance, while Yuzuru
was holding a pendulum-like weapon and both of them were holding it with one
hand.
"E,even you girls………….!?"
Shidou felt despair and groaned. It would seems, that the [sound] released from
Miku's Angel has placed the Spirits that had their Reiryoku sealed away under her
control.
"Fu………….fufu, ahahahaha…………! Whaat is, this!"
And, Miku's laughter could be heard.
"Aren't you a horrible person, Shiori-san. To think there was this many Spirits in the
hall! What's more, every one of them is my type! Aah……..this is nice, this is the
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
272 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
best!"
She said that and, twisted in a manner it was okay to turn crazy.
"Well then…………now that it has turned to this, finally I have no use for you
anymore. Let's end this quickly, and play with the Spirit-sans-----well, get him!"
Miku hit the light keyboard stronger. When she did that, Yoshino and the Yamai
sisters faced towards Shidou and looked at him with gazes filled with hostility.
On top of that, to make matters worse.
Inside the performers, *wobbly*………, limit release and in AstralDress form
Tohka same as Yoshino the rest walked out.
"Do,don't tell me, even Tohka too………….this is a joke right……….? Stop--------"
But, completely not lending their ears to Shidou's words, Yoshino used torrents of
clumps of cold air, while the Yamai sisters used clusters of air pressure and shot it at
him.
"U,uwaaaaaaaaaaaaah!?"
He lowered his body and braced for impact.
But-----------the next thing that attacked Shidou's body was not cold pain or is it
crushing wind pressure, but rather it was a weird floating feeling.
"------------eh?"
By the time he let out an idiotic voice, Shidou's view moved from the top of the
stage to the top of the catwalk that was extending parallel to the ceiling.
"Shidou, what is going on………..?"
He heard a familiar voice. When he looked over, there was Tohka in her limit
release AstralDress form there. It would seem, just before Shidou was swallowed
into the wave of audiences, she carried Shidou and jumped away until she reached
ceiling.
…………rather, Shidou was right now being carried easily by Tohka. Putting it
directly, he was in a [Princess carry] posture.
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
273 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
"………….."
A save was a save but, it somehow turned into a complex feeling and Shidou
twitched his cheeks.
But, now was not that time to be worried about something like that. After Shidou
dropped and stand on top the catwalk, he brought his voice to Tohka.
"Thanks, you saved me. But, Tohka………..you, why are you okay? Yoshino and the
rest were controlled by Miku and yet………….."
"………….nu?"
When Shidou said that, Tohka tilted her head in wonder before, [ooh] and hit her
hands together as if she remembered something before reaching out to both her
ears. And then, *Pon*, she plucked out the ear monitor plugged inside. It would
seems, she had been wearing it the whole time from the performance.
"You…………that's"
"Umu, the balance was kind of bad if it was only in one side, I felt I can't take the
rhythm if it's like this"
"…………………."
He thought for an instant that this much equipment was not needed for a Tambourine
but, he left it at that.
"So, Shidou"
"Aah…………most likely, everyone is being controlled by Miku"
Hearing Shidou's words, Tohka looked downwards toward Miku on stage.
After Miku glared at Shidou who escaped to the cat walk in detest, she changed the
movement of the fingers she was playing with on the keyboard, and changed
<Gabriel>'s tone.
When she did that, the audiences diverted their course and entered the stage wing.
Most probably, she was planning to make them ascend to the catwalk by climbing
the stairs from the back. Don't know what they were thinking, some of them tried to
climbing the hall's wall towards Shidou's direction. But the most problematic ones
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
274 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
were Yoshino and the Yamai sisters. 3 of them were still, sending sharp glares
towards Shidou and Tohka as if to protect Miku. As long as those girls are there,
they will probably not be able to get close to Miku.
"Kuh…………….."
Shidou frowned his face, and hit his incam.
He knows fundamental methods won't fix the matter. He also knows he can't leave
this situation alone too. But, there is no choice but to retreat for now. That's because
their opponents were 4 spirits with clear hostility. Even if Tohka is here, there was
no way they could win.
He will have Tohka cut open the hall's wall, and retreat to the sky, they'll then be
picked up by <Fraxinus> there. That was the only method, he could think of cut
through this place.
Not long after, he could hear a familiar voice from the Incam.
"Yes, is something wrong?"
She should have known about the dangerous situation from the automated camera
but, he raised his eyebrows from Kotori's somehow completely un-nervous voice.
"Kotori……………? It turned into a bad situation. We will go outside so, collect us
using the <Fraxinus>!"
"Hah?"
The doubt then transformed into further despair in an instant.
"------What are you saying? You idiot who defied our Onee-sama, get minced
over there"
"Ko,tori……….?"
Shidou could only call his sister's name dumbfounded.
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
275 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
276 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 3
"……………..this is………what on"
The moment Reine who has returned to the <Fraxinus>, stepped into the bridge, she
raised her eyebrows from the odd atmosphere.
She got contacted to perform further analysis regarding Miku's mental state after
seeing Shidou and the group's stage performance, and left Yoshino to the other
mechanic department members before returning to <Fraxinus> but………….it
seems, something happened in between the gap before reaching the bridge from the
transporter.
"Ahahahahaha! Idiot! It's only natural to repent by death for deceiving Miku oneesama
right? Die! Hurry up and die there!"
She was clearly directing that to the main monitor showing Shidou who was facing
a dangerous situation, from the commander seat………………not, Kotori was
saying and laughing while sitting on Kannazuki who was on all four.
The other crew members were acting similarly and were showing middle fingers or
giving thumbs down while, insulting Shidou.
"Ana, analyst officer Murasame "
Inside them, <Nail knocker> Shiizaki was the only one making a commotion in
panic, after confirming Reine was there, her face turned bright and she rushed over
to her.
"Please save me! Everyone turned crazy…….!"
"…………..What happened?"
"I-I don't know! When I was checking the stage performance tone, then everyone
suddenly……..!"
"………….fumu"
After Reine made a small groan, she brought her eyes to the main monitor.
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
277 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Over there right now, were Shidou and Tohka cornered on the side of the hall, Miku
who has manifested an Angel-like thing on the stage, seemingly following her
orders, the audiences, Yoshino and the Yamai sisters could be seen on it.
It would seem, there was no mistake Miku has done something. It might turn into
something terrible if she doesn't save Shidou and Tohka soon. And, at that moment.
"……………!"
"Eh-----?"
Reine and Shiizaki brought their eyebrows together at the same time. Suddenly
inside the ship, a loud alarm started ringing.
What's more, it was not an announcement about the Spirit's displeasure or an enemy
is getting closer. This is------
"-------Basic Realiser parallel activation. Commence Maryoku charge. Prepare
convergence cannon <Mystletainn>. Target-----------Tenguu square central stage"
A robotic announcement was broadcasted from the speaker. Reine and Shiizaki
again at the same time looked towards Kotori who was *Kara**Kara* laughing
while facing the console and Kannazuki who was being sat down on while making
an ecstatic face.
"Co,commander! What are you doing………!?"
Shiizaki shouted in confusion.
However, Kotori was swinging her hands frivolously in a manner that makes one
not think she activated a destructive program just now.
"Ahaha, what are you saying Shiizaki. There is a lot of foolish people who deceived
Onee-sama gathered over there you know? Then isn't it better to just vaporize
everything in one go"
"What are you saying…………! Vi,vice commander too, stop being a chair and stop
her!"
When Shiizaki shouted, Kannazuki stiffened his face for an instant.
"You two, what are you saying. I finally found it, my utopia is here"
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
278 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
"Actually you are sane right!?"
But, she probably guessed it wasn't the time to be saying that, Shiizaki went to
attempt operating the commander seat's console so she kicked the floor.
But, she was grappled by Kawagoe who jumped out from the left side, and fell on
the spot.
"Ouch! Ka,Kawagoe-san!? What are you doing, let go of me!"
"That is my line Shiizaki-san. You are also one of the people that deceived Mikusama
you know? Shouldn't you be reflecting on this together?"
"Wha………..what are you saying………."
Shiizaki looked back at Kawagoe with eyes as if she saw an unknown object. But
Kawagoe, was only making an ecstatic smile.
"…………………."
As expected she couldn't leave it alone. Reine also, tried to step forward to stop
Kotori. But, didn't know from when she went behind, Minowa swiftly took both
Reine's hands and bound her hands behind her back.
"Where are you going, aaaanalyst officer Murasame. It's no good to obstruct you
know"
"…………..kuh, I don't know what happened to you but, get back your sanity"
"Sanity? Ahahahaha, I'm sane you know. Completely sane"
Like that, she made a smile filled with madness while having eyes that clearly
weren't focused.
At that moment, Kotori probably noticed Reine and Shiizaki were seized. After
sending her sights to them, she once again looked back at the console.
*Nii* the side of her lips distorted and she erected one finger.
"----------Set complete. Now the only thing left is to press the button then-----
DOON!"
Kotori spreads her arms to make an impression of an explosion, and shouted. Due
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
279 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
to that very innocent posture, Shiizaki's face turning pale could be seen.
"Thi,this is a joke……….right?"
"Ahaha, you say interesting things Shiizaki. Isn't it obvious I'm serious"
Saying as if she was joking, Kotori raised her arms high.
"……..kuh"
Reine took a glance at Minowa behind, before looking at Shiizaki who was
grappled.
If this goes on, Kotori will seriously fire the <Fraxinus> cannon towards the
Tenguu square. But, even so-----
And. In Reine's ear who immersed herself in her thoughts for an instant, she could
hear a certain sound.
The sound of the bridge's door opening. The sound of the floor being kicked. And
also------
"Higuh……..!?"
Suddenly hit in the solar plexus by the human figure that appeared, Kotori's fainting
voice.
The human figure that has her fist thrust onto Kotori's stomach, supported Kotori's
falling body before making Kannazuki faint by stepping on the back of his head and
scratched her head with a troublesome manner while saying it out.
"……….seriously, what is with this alarm. When someone is finally taking a rest,
will you people keep it quiet a bit more?"
With a voice made of a characteristic tone.
That person over there was one girl.
Her age was probably similar to Kotori's. Having one tied up hair, she was a girl
with a characteristic mole under her left eye. For some reason, she had looks
similar to Shidou's when he is cross-dressing.
Takamiya Mana. ---------AST's second lieutenant and DEM's executive member. And
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
280 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
also……………the girl that calls herself Shidou's real sister.
"………….so. From the things I heard from outside the door, it looks like Kotorisan
and the rest had gone mad so I gave her a single attack calling………….was it
okay?"
Mana made a comical posture and tilted her head. Reine [………..aah] nodded like
that.
"………………its fine play. If possible, I would be thankful if you make the crew
members other than us faint"
"Well that I really don't mind"
After Mana said that, she dropped Kotori's body on the floor and made all of the
crew members in the bridge faint in a flash.
"Fuu…………this is about it"
*Pan**Pan, she swept her hands, and Mana send her sights towards Reine.
"So……….what happened?"
"………….I am still not sure but most likely, they received an attack from the Spirit.
Putting Reiryoku inside [sound], it's a type of controlling opponents who hears it."
"Ha-----………….that's another troublesome thing"
And, saying that as if she was fed up while bringing her eyes to the monitor, Mana
made a small gasp.
"Ni…….Nii-sama!?"
It would seem, she was too absorbed in the bridge's condition that she didn't notice
the situation inside the monitor. She approached the monitor and *Dan**Dan*
stomped on the floor.
"Wha,what is the meaning of this! Why is Nii-sama in such a dangerous place!"
"……………right now the opponent they are dealing with is that Spirit that controls
sound. ------it is not a good situation there. We have to hurry and save Shin and
Tohka……."
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
281 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
After Reine made a simple explanation of the current situation, Mana quietly shook
her throat.
"--------In this ship, there was a CR-unit loaded in it right?"
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
282 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
283 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 4
---in the sky, a rain of bullets was falling.
Maryoku generated 30mm bullets and missiles granted by the Realizer approached
her from all directions, and in an instant Origami view was filled.
"Kuh………….."
Withstanding an intense headache while sending orders with her brain, the weapon
container was deployed. A barrage was spread and it intercepted. But, it could not
prevent all of the attack. Few shots of missiles passed the smoke and head towards
Origami.
She made her sights sharp and changed the Territory properties to defensive--------
even when she tried that, an intense pain attacked her brain, and made Origami's
consciousness cloudy.
"--------uh"
In the next moment, few numbers of missiles landed on the almost defenceless
<White Licorice>, and a tremendous explosion and vibration attacked Origami.
"Kuah……..!"
"Hahahahahaha! Even though you came worked up, how unsightly!"
Jessica's loud laughter turned into an intense pain and echoed loudly in her
tormented brain.
Origami frowned and send her sights to the left. Responding to that, <White
Licorice> damage situation was shown on her retina. In the left side, the laser blade
<Cleave leaf> can no longer be used; same thing with the Maryoku cannon
<Blastark> in the right was partially destroyed, the weapon box <Root box> has 5
out of 8 units damaged.
She moved her sights towards the enemy. 5 Wizards. For the <Bandersnatch>'s,
there was estimated 20 at the very least.
To that overwhelming difference, it was a great damage to the craft. What's more
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
284 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
serious was, the damage on Origami's brain from continuous usage of the
annihilation armor. It was very clear that she could no longer fight properly
anymore.
No-------rather than that, if she continues activating <White Licorice>, it might leave
a serious dysfunction in her brain. Originally, she should be immediately stopping
this battle and be releasing this annihilation armor's activation.
But, if Origami retreats here, it will be the same meaning as Shidou being abducted
by the DEM Company and-------it's hard to think that harsh Jessica will quietly let
Origami run away. As if to prove that, the Wizards and <Bandersnatch> obeyed
Jessica's order and started surrounding Origami.
"Fufu. You were rampaging throughout but, this is the end. Actually I wanted to tease
you more but, we have work pushed onto us so, hurry up and get shot down------"
And, at that moment, Jessica stopped her words.
No, to be precise it was a little different. Her word was erased by the sudden loud
voice coming from below.
"What is it!?"
Jessica raised her eyebrows doubtfully while shouting.
Origami didn't lower her guard and prepared herself from her surroundings while--
----------taking a glance below to the Tenguu square.
Although she strengthens her sights using the Territory, in her current condition it
might be hard to see the far away structure in detail but she was worried about it.
But, she immediately noticed the abnormality by one glance.
That's because, a giant hole was opened up on the ceiling of the Tenguu square
central stage, and a strong wind blew out from it.
In the next moment, together with the sound of *Pi**Pi, a new report was shown on
her retina sensor.
A strong spirit wave reading was coming from the Tenguu square. Origami made a
small gasp.
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
285 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
"Shidou----------"
She doesn't know what happened in the central stage. But, there was no mistake there
was a possibility it was the reason why Shidou is in danger. She changed her course
in panic, and activated her thrusters and tried heading downwards.
But, there was no way Jessica and her group will let her do that. Several
<Bandersnatch> blocked Origami's road.
"It looks like something happened down there…………..it might be a good idea to
hurry. Let's clean this up immediately"
After saying that, she pointed her fingers to Origami.
Responding to that, the <Bandersnatch> deployed on all direction moved at once.
They held laser cannons in their right hand and directed it to Origami.
"……………..kuh"
Even though she tried to take evasive measures in panic, her brain was at its limits.
Her sights were dyed red and her consciousness was getting hazy.
In the end………….it was no different from the month before the last. Origami's
brain was getting filled with powerlessness.
Even when she used the Realizer, even when she used the strongest equipment
<White Licorice> in the base, Origami couldn't protect Shidou.
---Power. If I had more power.
If I had power that won't lose to anyone.
"Shi,dou……….."
"Now, do it"
Responding to Jessica's voice, the <Bandersnatch> was about to pull the trigger.
But, at that moment.
When Origami thought something passed through her hazy view, the gun barrel of
the laser cannons pointed towards Origami was severed beautifully. The generated
maryoku in loading phase when firing lost its destination causing the gun barrel to
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
286 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
explode, and the pieces of metal was scattered nearby. It was not like it was shocked
or their eyes were burned but, probably trying to sense the abnormal situation, the
<Bandersnatch> moved its head here and there.
"Wha…………what is it!?"
"I-I don't know, the <Bandersnatch>'s guns suddenly-------"
It would seem Jessica's subordinate also noticed the situation late by one beat. She
raised her voice in panic.
However, the situation did not end at there. When Origami thought a blue silhouette
passed through her again, in the next instant, the heads of the <Bandersnatch> was
revolving midair.
"Wha-----!"
Together with Jessica's confusion, few units of the <Bandersnatch> surrounding
Origami stopped functioning and fell to the ground in pieces.
"This is…………what is………."
Origami placed her hands on the side of her head to withstand the headache while
shaking her throat.
When she did that, a human wearing a blue mechanical armor appeared in front of
Origami as if to respond to her.
It was a CR-unit she has never seen before. That person was holding a sword in her
right hand and a characteristic wolf jaw weapon equipped in her left hand.
She then looked at the person wearing that--------Origami gasped in reflex.
"Mana-------?"
"Long time no see, Master sergeant Tobiichi"
The girl wearing the blue CR-unit turned her head, and directed her sights towards
Origami.
It was unmistakably the AST member that fought together with Origami against
Spirit and also Shidou's sister, second lieutenant Takamiya Mana in person.
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
287 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
After losing the fight against Tokisaki Kurumi and receiving serious injuries,
hospitalized before disappearing, Origami heard her whereabouts has been
unknown the whole time but--------
"Why…………are you in a place like this. And that equipment is…….."
When Origami asked, Mana swung her hands in a "Don't mind it" manner.
"Leave the small talk for later. Saving Nii-sama right now is first priority right?"
"…………!"
Origami opened her bloodshot eyes wide before, making a nod.
After Mana made a satisfied smile after looking at that, she brought her sights to the
dumbfounded Jessica.
"Oya Oya, when I thought who it was, isn't it Jessica. Why are you in a place like
Japan?"
"Takamiya Mana………..!?"
Jessica let out a voice filled with shock.
"You, why are you--------no, more importantly, do you know what you are currently
doing!?"
"That is my line. Going against one person with this big number, didn't your
methods turned cheap during the time I didn't see you?"
"That is not the problem! Why are you attacking us! Answer me-----Adeptus 2!"
Jessica shouted with a shrill voice. Mana shrugs her shoulders as if she given up.
"Will you please stop calling me by my old call sign?"
"Old……..you, don't tell me"
"Yes, it's a good chance so tell this to the president for me. I'm sorry but I'm leaving
DEM.
"Wha------"
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
288 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Hearing Mana's words, the other Wizards choked on their voice.
"What are you saying!? Are you planning to betray Westcott-sama!? Even in the
glorious Adeptus number, your name links next after chief executive Mathers, You!"
"Well, putting frankly in words, that's about it"
Mana pointed the weird weapon equipped on her left hand towards Jessica.
"It will be the best ideal pattern if you all withdraw from this place being scared of
me but, so how about it?"
"………..….! Don't screw with me! You should already know! Something like going
against Westcott-sama's order is------"
"Well, that's true. But,"
The moment she said that, Mana's figure vanished like a heat haze.
"…………!?"
After appearing behind Jessica who was opening her eyes wide in shock, she
slashed down with the sword equipped in her right hand.
"Why you…….!"
Even when Jessica twisted her body----it was too late. Mana's sword sliced Jessica's
unit and thrusters like butter. It would seem the surface of the blade has a thin laser
edge made by generated Maryoku wriggling on it. Although it looks something
similar to a sword but the structure looks more similar to a chainsaw.
Jessica had her balance greatly destroyed, however without losing her fighting
spirit after she pulled out a laser blade from her waist, she swing it towards Mana.
But sadly, her battle skills and unit's performance is too different. Mana stopped
Jessica's strike using her sword before shooting a cluster of Maryoku from the
weapon on her left hand towards Jessica's stomach.
"Kuha…….."
Together with a short and anguish groan, Jessica fainted. At the same time, her
Realizer probably was deactivated so the connection to the whole body's equipped
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
289 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
unit was unlocked and fell towards the ground.
"----That line might sound cool if you win against me even once in a practice
match"
Mana supported Jessica's limp body with her other hand while making a sigh.
"………………fumu, <Vanargandr> ------not bad, for a first time use"
Next off, she looked towards the 4 remaining Wizards.
"Now then, your boss is just as you can see. If you are DEM wizards then, you
should know whether you can win against me after that battle just now"
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
290 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
291 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Hearing Mana's words, the Wizards made a nervous expression. After Mana once
again moved behind the remaining Wizards in an instant, she simply threw Jessica's
unconscious body.
"Wa,Wah……!"
The Wizard, who was suddenly entrusted with Jessica's body, operated her Territory
while in panic and supported that body.
After confirming that, Mana continued her words.
"I am saying I am letting you all off. This is my last warning. Take her along and
disappear from here"
However, it would seem these Wizards aren't that good in understanding, that they
will store their lance from such a warning. *Kii* they sharpen their sights and
started surrounding Mana.
"Yare Yare…………….what an expected reaction"
Mana *haa* made a sigh and spreads both her arms as if to deal with the whole
direction.
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
292 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
293 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 5
"Sto--------Stop! Yoshino! Kaguya and Yuzuru too! Turn back to normal!"
Even when Shidou shouted, Yoshino and the Yamai sisters would not stop their
attack towards Tohka.
"What…………are you saying? Shidou-san and………….Tohka-san too, why are
you two…………so mean to Onee-sama?"
"Yeah--, Aren't you two the ones at wrong----. It looks like a little scolding
won't fix this---"
"Kuku…………..it looks like Shidou has been pushed to do something capricious,
Yuzuru"
"Surpise. Does he not have a conscience I wonder"
From every mouth of Yoshino and [Yoshinon] who turned to <Zadkiel>, and also
the Yamai sisters, they said that.
Judging by their speech and conduct, it's not like they have forgotten about Shidou
and Tohka or their personality has changed at all. But, Izayoi Miku's existence was
printed as the highest priority in their valuation system.
"What………should I do…….."
Shidou distorted his face in a feeling of despair.
The situation was at its worst.
In the Central stage there was Miku who manifested an Angel, the controlled
Yoshino and Yamai sisters, and the about 1000 audience members. All of them were
attacking Shidou and Tohka.
Adding on, Kotori who was in <Fraxinus> was also hit by <Gabriel>'s sound, and
has lost her sanity. With this, he could not retreat from this place and even pull
himself together. This is exactly what the saying 'blocked by all sides' means.
Tohka was somehow doing her best to stop Miku but, thanks to Yoshino and the
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
294 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Yamai sisters blocking her, she could not even get close,
However, Tohka didn't give up and grabbed the manifested sword-------
<Sandalphon>, she then kicked the catwalk's handrail and got closer to Miku.
"Haaaaaaaaaaaaa!"
Accompanied by a shout filled with energy, the slash released midair was extending
towards Miku.
But that attack was blocked by an ice wall constructed by Yoshino just before it
reached Miku. Next off, a strong clump of wind was shot from two directions
towards Tohka.
"Kuh-----!"
Even when she defended it with her sword in an instant, it could not match with the
wind pressure and cancel it. Tohka's body was blown away easily, the stage building
was smashed opened and she was thrown outside just like that.
"U,uwaaaaaaaah!?"
"Tohka!!"
Even when he shouted, Shidou couldn't do anything. Tohka's body disappeared from
the building and her voice immediately could not be heard.
But.
"Hn…….?"
What Shidou let out, was not a sunken in confusion or despair, it was a doubtful
groan.
The reason was simple. It was extremely soft but *Kan**Kan* a sound like that,
could be heard from the upward direction of the hall.
In the next instant,
"Here------!
Together with that shout, the ceiling just above where Miku was standing was sliced
apart and, Tohka was falling down with extreme speed with the tip of <Sandalphon>
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
295 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
pointing downwards.
It would seem after she was blown outside, she went to the stage ceiling from
outside.
"Wha………!"
Miku's confusion echoed inside the hall.
Even when Yoshino, Kaguya and Yuzuru turned around at once, it was too late.
Tohka was splitting the wind with <Sandalphon> while heading straight at Miku and
her Angel.
But, the moment <Sandalphon>'s tip slice apart a part of the Angels metal pipe-------
"Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah----------!!"
Miku made a loud voice.
The giant sound wave that could not compare to the voice when Shidou first met her
was rampaging inside the air sealed hall.
She was bathed with that sound wave in point-blank distance. Even if she is a Spirit
who has manifested a limit release AstralDress, she does not stand a chance.
"Guh…………..!"
Making an anguish sound, Tohka was blown away by the sound with mass and was
thrown towards the wall right beside Shidou.
"Tohka!"
"Cough……………, cough………….!"
He shouted and approached her, Tohka coughed painfully and used <Sandalphon>
as a support to somehow stand up.
"……………….That was dangerous. But, it's useless"
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
296 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
After saying that, Miku glared at Shidou with eyes filled with anger from the stage.
And at the same time, coming from the Catwalk entrance connecting to the
backstage stairs, several people from the audience rushed out. In a zombie like
behavior, they slowly approached Shidou.
"Guh………………"
There was nothing more that can be done. Shidou's body stiffened.
And, at that moment.
"Eh…………..?"
Shidou raised his eyebrows and looked up the sky. The stage ceiling was sliced in a
cross, and coming from there, a girl covered in mechanical armor entered the hall.
"Tha,that's-------"
For an instant, he thought help was sent from <Ratatoskr>.
But--------wrong.
He had memories of that figure. She was a thin and slender girl, wearing a silver
CR-unit around her whole body. Her silky pale blonde hair was swaying as if it was
playing with the wind inside the Territory.
"Bayley and the rest failed in the end. ……………..well that's okay, it's within
expectations"
While narrowing her deep green rust eyes, that girl --------Ellen Mathers said that
with a quiet tone.
Shidou gasped. He remembers this girl. During that time at his school trip, she was
the boss of the <Bandersnatch> that appeared targeting Tohka. Even though they
managed to escape by a stroke of luck at that time, her power exceedingly surpassed
Tohka in her limit release form.
"Wha……………..why is that person in a place like this…………"
Tohka probably noticed Ellen. She distorted her face painfully, and makes a stance
with <Sandalphon>.
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
297 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
"-------Target, Yatogami Tohka and……………….a female student with Itsuka
Shidou's reading spotted. I will now commence capture"
Not looking at Miku and the others, Ellen then head towards Shidou and Tohka in
one straight line. Tohka gasped and grabbed Shidou's arm.
"! Run away, Shidou!"
"Ev,even if you tell me to run away, just how am I…………"
"Kuh………..!"
When they were doing that, Ellen was getting closer.
After Tohka shook her throat in impatience, she grabbed Shidou's arm even harder
and threw Shidou's body at the hole opened in the wall from just now.
"U, uwaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!?"
Even though she was in limit release form, a Spirit's physical strength far surpasses
those of a human.
Shidou's body was easily thrown out the building.
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
298 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
299 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 6
The same time with Mana disappearing, the scream of the remaining Wizards in the
sky echoed.
After Origami placed her hands on her painful head while directing her sights over,
there were Wizards with their CR-unit around their whole body destroyed in an
instant.
Next off, when she thought the <Bandersnatch> floating nearby Mana when she
twisted her body was approaching her, her left hand's [Jaw] clamped its head part. A
nasty *Mekya* sounded and the doll's head was twisted off.
No matter from whose eyes, she was overwhelming. The enemy had the higher
number of head counts but, they completely could not compare to her. Origami has
already experiencing Mana's strength with her own body. But………….this was
some kind of level of abnormality. Not only Mana's ability, the performance of the
blue CR-unit's worn on her body which she never seen before was also holds a
standard that could not be compared with the ones in the AST.
---In the end, the match was concluded not even taking 5 minutes.
"…………..Seriously, you all sure made me take my time"
*Pan**Pan* Mana dust her hand, and made a sigh.
There were no more Wizards and <Bandersnatch> to be seen in the sky. All of them
were slaughtered by Mana in one if not two hits, and fell to the ground.
Though the Wizards worn wiring suit has anti-shock and emergency safety device
placed in it. Even when they fall from this spot, well as long as their luck isn't
extremely bad they would not die.
"Are you okay, Master sergeant Tobiichi"
Mana looked towards Origami. Origami withstood the headache while replying.
"……….yo,u….what, are…………you, doing here………"
In an instant, blood flowed out from her nose and eyes, and her dyed red view
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
300 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
shook.
"Outo………….."
Mana hurried and flew over to Origami, she then supported her body.
However, Origami could no longer maintain her Territory any longer. <White
Licorice> was held captive to gravity, and fell towards the ground just like that.
"…………It looks like you forced yourself quite a lot, Master sergeant
Tobiichi……………..fumu, this is a problem. I have to go save Onii-sama but, I
can't leave you alone like this too………….."
And----------
"Hn………?"
At that point, Mana unexpectedly raised her eyebrows.
"Whats……….wrong…………"
"…………….no, nothing.------------I just felt a little bad feeling"
Even though she said that, on her expression.
It felt the same as the time when she felt the presence of the bitter enemy known as
the worst Spirit.
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
301 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
302 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 7
"……………! Houu------"
From <Princess>'s--------Yatogami Tohka's unexpected action, Ellen unintentionally
stopped advancing.
That's because, just an instant before Ellen got closer, she threw Itsuka Shidou
(…………….who was thought to have the same comparative results just in case.
Probably) out of the hall to let him escape. She most likely has guessed Ellen's point
of view and course to her target, and made an excellent move for a decision in an
instant.
But even so…………Yatogami Tohka and Itsuka Shidou both of them were Ellen's
capture target and that action was unmistakably annoying to her.
"A calm decision. I will give you praise"
"Fun……..! I won't be happy even if a bastard like you praises me!"
"That's true"
After Ellen said that shortly, she revised herself and looked around to confirm the
situation in the stage.
Yatogami Tohka <Princess> who was being chased. And cornering the ones her,
were around 1000 members of the audience. The Spirit <Diva> who manifested her
Angel on the stage, and <Hermit>, <Berserk> accompanies her. -------what a weird
situation it was.
It was extremely rare for this many Spirits to gather. How many people will it take if
she was unable to capture Itsuka Shidou……………..such thought scratched her
mind but, Ellen swung her head and reconsidered.
"……………..no, let's stop that. Self-conceit is an enemy"
In her mind, the memories of that nightmarish failure that happen in the month
before the last resurfaced. Yes, if everything was lost after lusting for it, then its
manifold better to accurately achieving the goal.
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
303 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
"-------the one I have business is with you, Yatogami Tohka"
Ellen narrowed her eyes and directed her sights towards Tohka.
It looks like she has no time to chase after Itsuka Shidou who has escaped outside
the stage. If that's the case, then what Ellen should do right now was determined.
Luckily, the others were unable to guess Ellen's intention, or were unable to deal
with the sudden situation, they were only just sending their sights to her. It was
probably better to finish the job before those girls do something.
"I'll have you come with me today, <Princess>"
"D-----don't screw with me!"
Yatogami Tohka swings the Angel in her hands towards her. At the same time, a
strong sword pressure was aimed towards Ellen.
"<Caledvwlch>"
However Ellen pulled out the big laser blade she was holding in her back without
panicking and easily stop the sword strike, dispersing it.
"Ohh…………..did your attack turned lighter compared to that time in Arubi
island?"
She lifted her chin, and pointed her sword towards Tohka.
"Wha……………."
"This is convenient. I can't take my time here. I'll end this in an instant"
After saying that, she re-fixes her grip on the handle and----------Ellen advanced
from the sky.
"U……….ah, cough, cough"
Thrown from the hall, Shidou who fell on the ground after crashing to the trees
growing nearby, had his whole body etched with tormenting pain and a violent
impact.
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
304 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
It seems he was out cold for a few minutes. He looked around relentlessly and
confirmed the situation.
The place where Shidou was thrown to was in the corner of a park nearby Tenguu
square. Thanks to many trees and soft bushes, he was able to go off with minor
injuries. After taking a glance at the Asphalt-type parking lot behind him, Shidou's
face turned pale.
Shidou gained regenerative abilities thanks to Kotori's protection. For example he
probably would not die even when he falls on concrete but (rather, Tohka probably
took this method because she knew about this), a tormenting pain in his whole body
means nothing. Shidou thanked his luck and Tohka's control.
"Oh yeah, Tohka………..!"
At that moment, his cloudy consciousness turned clear and remembered the situation
he was in.
Yes. Right now Tohka alone was still left in the hall.
"Kuh…………….!"
He raised his body which was suffering from a dull pain, and brought his eyes
towards the stage direction. No matter if Tohka's Reiryoku was in its limit release,
there was no way she would end up safe in that state.
And------by the time Shidou raised his upper body, he saw something flying out
from the ceiling of the Tenguu square central raising in front of his sights.
"That's…………….!"
Looking at that, he opened his eyes wide unintentionally.
The blonde girl wearing a silver CR-unit flew out to the sky carrying Tohka with
her AstralDress released.
"Tohka…………..!?"
Tohka was probably unconscious, since she was limp and didn't move at all.
Ellen carrying Tohka like that turned her head around as if to confirm the situation
around there before disappearing somewhere bringing Tohka along.
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
305 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Left over there, Shidou was dumbfounded for some time, while staring at Ellen
disappears to the sky.
"Toh…..ka…….....?"
That unrealistic incident that happened in an instant, gradually soaked into his brain
and shook Shidou's consciousness.
"Tohka-------------Tohkaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!"
Even when he shouted--------his voice only echoed across the blank sky.
Tohka was kidnapped.
This easily.
He couldn't------do anything.
That reality, made Shidou's powerless feeling stronger.
But. Shidou was not given the time to fall on his knees.
The reason was simple. When he thought the Tenguu square's front entrance gate
opened, a large number of people were slowly stepping forward. ---it's like, they
were searching for someone.
"Kuh………….."
Most likely, they are a group sent out to find Shidou following Miku's order.
If Shidou were to get captured here, then Tohka's effort will be in vain. Shidou
somehow managed to stand up by encouraging his even now painful body, and
dragged his feet while running away.
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
306 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
307 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 8
---After that, how much time has passed.
The setting sun has descended and it's about time the surroundings start to fill with
darkness. Shidou who has managed to escape from the stage thanks to Tohka, was
hiding himself in a room inside a building in the outskirts of Tenguu city.
As expected, it would be hard to walk if he were to continue wearing the maid
uniform, what's more because it attracts attention, he bought male clothing in the
free market held in the plaza along the way, and finished changing. Naturally, since
he removed the voice changing machine of his throat, Shidou completely reverted
back to himself from Shiori mode.
"……………."
He looked towards the mobile phone placed on top of the shelf.
On the screen, the channel live-broadcasting the reason unknown big riot occurring
in the Tenguu city was being shown. The high-angle shooting of around ten
thousand citizens walking around in the city was being taken from the helicopter.
The commentator was properly spreading theories, and was trying to find out the
reason for the riot but, that was of no use.
No one could probably imagine this. These tens of thousands of people were going
around searching for Shidou under orders from Miku.
"…………….."
Shidou glared at the screen while clenching his teeth. ---------clearly, the number of
people have increased.
It would seems, Miku wasn't satisfied with only the stage audience and continued
gradually increasing the number of vanguards. He does not know how much power
<Gabriel> has but, he will be found if this keeps up.
What's more, it looks like <Gabriel>'s effect works across the speaker too. The
moment the policemen who arrived to suppress the riot heard Miku's performance
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
308 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
through the broadcast from the propaganda truck were added into the battle line, as
expected he felt despair.
"Damn it……….."
He groaned resentfully, and thrust his harden fist to the floor.
"Now isn't the time to be doing this……. I have------"
Yes. Miku was not the only problem he has to solve no matter what. He has to take
Tohka who was kidnapped from the DEM wizard back as fast as possible. Shidou
does not know that much about the company known as DEM. But, they are an
organization that takes killing Spirits as their highest priority and provide Realizers
to police groups and armies of many nations but, it was impossible to think they
were treating Tohka politely.
He hit the Incam in detest. But, not only couldn't he hear anything but no one would
reply him.
"What on earth………should I do from now on…………"
After Shidou made a face filled with suffering, he once again thrust his fist to the
floor.
------there were heaps of problems.
Miku was targeting Shidou.
What's more Yoshino, Kaguya and Yuzuru were controlled.
The swarm of people filling Tenguu city.
Even now he couldn't contact <Ratatoskr>.
And also---------DEM industry which kidnapped Tohka.
He was insufficient with just about everything, in order to deal with all that.
He has no time.
He has no equipment.
He has no battle strength.
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
309 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
And more importantly------Shidou doesn't have power.
"I…………."
He gritted his teeth.
"I---------"
The moment the powerless feeling lurking inside Shidou's body turned to his voice
and spilled out.
----Kusu, Kusu.
Someone laughed.
"……………!?"
He twitched his shoulders and immediately lifts his face.
For an instant, he thought the residents controlled by Miku found his hiding spot
but……………there was no one nearby.
But, he identified the real face of the owner of that voice.
---the Shadow was.
When he thought the shadows filled inside the dark room squirmed around, one girl
crawled out from there.
A dress with blood red and darkness black configuration. Hair that was tied up
unevenly in left and right.
Her left eye has the dial of a clock and a needle that carves time by the seconds
systematically.
That graceful visage that can only be thought to be man-made was making a lively
smile that can take on a joyful or scornful smile.
"Ufufu, quite a dark face you are making right now"
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
310 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
"Kurumi…………….!?"
Shidou opened his eye wide in shock and called out that name.
Yes. It was.
The [Worst Spirit] that once appeared in front of Shidou. There was no mistake it
was Tokisaki Kurumi.
He tilted his body by reflex and glared at Kurumi without lowering his guard. But, it
was apparent that he was just bluffing. Not only is Shidou unable to do anything
about Kurumi alone, it was also difficult for him to escape.
Probably knowing that, Kurumi smiled charmingly.
And then------she quietly opened her lips.
"It looks like you are in a trouble.------nee, Shidou-san. Can we have a talk?"
To be continued.
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
311 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Afterword
Long time no see, its Tachibana Koushi.
It’s Tachibana Koushi who is somehow feeling he starts the afterword [Long time
no see, its Tachibana Koushi.] a lot recently.
I present to you [Date A Live 6 Miku lily]. The Spirit this time is Izayoi Miku. The
Spirit that follows the sub-title lily. How was it. It would be fortunate if you enjoyed
it.
It’s a series that has been decided to release new character and new designs every
volume but, unlike the previous volumes, this volume has many fresh designed
characters. Miku, that character, a character that is not a new character but is a new
character (contradiction) and that character…………..
I’m going to say this even though the frontispiece already has spoilers on it but,
there is a certain character revived this time after a long time.
Well strictly speaking she was already revived in the last volume but, I was
especially moved since it has been around 3 volumes since she returned to battle.
What’s more, she holds new equipment and appears. Married ladies, its new
equipment you know, a new weapon.
It’s like shinning had god, Arbalest had laevatein, and pretty cure had princess form.
These should no longer be active anymore. A Musou might start!
Now then, it’s the original work [Date A live], at this time, it has been decided short
stories will be serialized in Dragon magazine.
On the topic with new heroines appearing in every new volume, the original work
has made the previous characters appearance become less.
In the short stories, there a new page with a heroine that couldn’t be drawn on the
original books, or unfolded back story events and my thoughts on completing the
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
312 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
characters roles. It would be fortunate if you enjoyed all of this.
And one more. The [Date A Live] game version has been decided!
It will be release by Compile Heart that has their hands in the [Neptune] series.
Please wait for the follow-up!
Adding on, the season for the Anime broadcast has been decided!
The TV Anime broadcast has been planned to start from April 2013! The staffs are
doing their best so, please by all means be anticipated!
That would be the customary special thanks in every volume but, there were many
people saving me while creating the original books.
Tsunako-san, supervisor-san, designer Kusano-san, those who were involved in the
publishing, bookshop-san, I have been in your care every time. I am really thankful!
Also, ringo-san who is serializing the comic version [Date A Live] in the Shounen
Ace.
Oniyazu Kakashi-san who is serializing the spin-off comic version of [Date A
Strike] in the Dragon Age.
Mizuki Maya-san who is serializing the 4-coma [Date A Origami] in Dragon
magazine, and Age premium.
Thank you for the wonderful manga every time!
And, I think all of the people that read the originals should know about this but; this
time’s attraction was kind of like, turned into that feeling.
I think the continuation of this talk; will be confirmed in the next volume [Date A
Live 7].
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
313 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
The next volume has been planned to be published around spring.
Well then, I pray we will be able meet again.
October 2012 Tachibana Koushi
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
314 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations
Translation Notes and References
Chapter 1:
1. ↑ (特撮)Tokusatsu, special effects. (simply just think of super sentai/power
rangers poses with explosion coming out from the background)
2. ↑ Sake: alcohol
3. ↑ おままごとーChilds play thing
Chapter 2:
1. ↑ 俺-A male way of saying I
Chapter 3:
Chapter 4:
1. ↑ Master
2. ↑ Miss
3. ↑ little girl
4. ↑ person,human
5. ↑ little sister
Chapter 5:
1. ↑ 姉上様-elder sister
Back to Volume 5 Return to Main Page Forward to Volume 7
Date A Live Volume 6 "Miku Lily"
315 of 315 converted by Infinite Creations