Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
1 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
2 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
3 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
4 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
5 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
6 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
7 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
Prologue: Tobiichi Origami
It was 5 years from now, when the girl known as Tobiichi Origami became
[Special].
She was smarter than a normal child; she was also excellent in her school grades
and physical abilities but all of it was within normal limits and at the very least, it
was at the level where her mother could act proud in the legal guardian association
or parent-child meetings.
Her forte subject was math. Her weak subject was the Japanese language.
Her favorite food was gratin. Her hated food was celery.
Her future dream was----to be a cute wife.
The world was filled with common sense and no one would doubt that. If she
performs things within her limits then her friends and the adults would praise her.
She was not really conscious of whether or not that gentle world would continue
forever.
But on that summer day, five years ago. Everything surrounding Origami changed.
---on that day. The scenery that came welcoming Origami when she returned back to
the city was not her familiar city scenery, but rather a hellish scenery burning in
crimson flames.
(Father, Mothercc!)
When Origami recalled back her parentfs existence inside her house, she ran into
the city wrapped in flames.
Thinking about it, it was an extremely reckless act. Even if Origami reaches back to
her home, there was nothing she could do. However during that time, Origami was
only thinking about checking her parentfs safety.
Not long later after Origami reached home, her father was holding her mother by
the shoulders while kicking opening the door of her burning house before coming
outside.
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
8 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
At that time, Origami could only be relieved. Both her father and mother were alive.
She was so happy she extended her hands to take her father's hand while tears were
floating on her eyes.
However, at that moment.
(-----------Eh?)
A light suddenly poured down from the sky and easily blew Origamifs body away.
And------her parents were right under that light.
They became small bits, and it was unthinkable that they had the shape of a human
just a moment ago.
(A-ahcc..ahccc..Ahhhhhhhhhhhhh-----------)
Origami was clattering her teeth while looking up at the sky.
The silhouette of the girl who released that light was there.
(It was youccc)
--The one who killed my father and mother.
(I wonft forgive youcc..! killccccI will kill youc..! I will----
definitelyccc!)
Raising a voice filled with resentment, Origami vowed her revenge.
That was Origamifs meeting with the Spirit.
It became the starting point of a long destiny.
With that day as her boundary, Origami changed.
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
9 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
Since she had no close relatives, she got taken into custody temporarily by an aunt
living nearby but----that aunt was apparently previously related to the AST and, she
was the reason for Origamifs decision for her future life.
Her aunt, told her beforehand to keep this a secret from everyone else while telling
Origami of a certain existence.
--Spirits. The disaster killing the world.
After that, Origami started becoming obsessed for knowledge and training.
There was only one reason. The Spirit she saw that time. Find out its identity and kill
her with her own hands.
The young Origami did not know the specific way to do so. Thatfs why-----she
frantically continued training herself. She trained her body and mind with a
strictness which could be mistaken with the ones from a Shura or Rakshasa to
prepare herself to be able to take action immediately when the day she tracked down
her parentfs killer comes.
Her forte subject was everything. There was no subject she was bad with. She
mastered every knowledge and technique she could gather and completely destroyed
the word [Impossible].
She no longer cared whether or not she had likes or dislikes for food from that time
on wards. She only needed the adequate amount of nutrients to make a strong body
and didnft care for anything else.
Her future dream-----was only towards killing that Spirit.
Few years passed since then. Origami knocked on the AST door by her auntfs
referral, and she became a Wizard after confirming that she had compatibility with
the Realizer.
Origamifs training when she became an AST member became even harsher.
The world was filled with irrationality and no one would try to oppose it. Her limits
could not achieve her goals no matter how hard she tried. In order to live through
that cruel world, she could only continue being strongly conscious about the things
she should do and her own meaning of life.
But even so-----Even that Origami had moments when she can feel at ease.
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
10 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
Yes. It was the young boy she met at that time.
Thinking back, the emotion she had might be more like reliance compared to deep
affections.
Having lost both her parents, Origami was barely able to maintain her sanity thanks
to his existence approaching her.
Thatfs why-----he became an underlying cause, and even though she got chased out
from the AST because of him, she had not once harbored any hatred towards him.
Now that she thought about itccc..Origami might have felt her limits.
The AST was an organization made to defeat the Spirits. The Realizer which is able
to grant super powers to humans.
Even though she had them both, she could not compare to a Spirit at all.
Thatfs why. Origami wanted more power.
From the DEM industry, the company that invented the Realizer. She wanted the
latest cutting edge equipment and the body to use it.
And, Origami-----
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
11 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
12 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
Chapter 1: The Targeted Shidou
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
13 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
14 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 1
The smell was the odd thing he felt first in the dark.
It smelled sweet like a flower or soap. It clearly didn't belong to him but, it suddenly
tickled Shidoufs nose.
gHncc.h
He stirred around while making a small groan before taking a stretch while lying
down.
This time after he did that, he felt a warm and soft feeling at the back of his hand and
a soft [Kyaa] could be heard at the same time as well.
gHehcc?h
After Shidou forcefully awaken his cloudy consciousness, he rubbed his eyes while
slowly raising his body.
His familiar bed was the first thing that entered his view. On top of the white sheets,
there were wrinkled blankets and bath blankets covered on top. But, it was clear that
the feeling he felt on his hand was not that and more importantly, cloths donft give
out voices. Shidou slowly raised his sights.
When he did that,
gFufuc..Good morning, Shidou-kunh
A girl in her underwear was snuggling beside Shidou while relaxing her mouth
charmingly and lifting her hair erotically.
She should be in her mid-twenties; she had slender limbs and voluptuous breasts.
She was a beauty with prided proportions that would make even models feel shame.
gcc.Hnn, aahh, Goo------g
Shidou replied in a half-awake state before-----stopping mid-way in his words.
gU-uwaahhhhhhhh!?h
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
15 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
The same time his brain understood the strange situation, Shidou took some
distance back to make a gap between the beauty. But, this was on top of the bed.
Having lost the space to support his butt, Shidou fell backwards just like that and hit
his head on the floor.
gGuwahh!h
gA-ra a-ra. Mouu, you have to notice this you know, Shidou-kunh
The sound of the girl giggling could be heard. After Shidou raised his head up in
his face-up body posture, he looked up towards the bed with feelings of perplexity
and surprise mixed together.
gNaccc.Natsumicc!? Why are you-----g
He then called the girlfs name with a voice filled with panic.
Yes. Shidou knows this girl. Natsumi. She was the Spirit that had her Reiryoku
sealed by Shidou a few days ago.
gWhat do you mean why, itfs a greeting. I came here to wake up the sleepyhead you
knowh
After Natsumi slowly raised her body, she [hnnn] stretched. Even though it was just
that, it looked like that one scene that happens in movies.
Shidou was close to being attracted to Natsumifs beautiful gesture for one moment
but, he immediately regained his composure and swung his head.
gNot thatccc..! No, I am curious as to why you're sleeping there too but, more
importantly----g
Shidou rubbed his eyes once more; he also pinched his cheeks and confirmed that
he wasnft daydreaming before continuing his words.
gNatsumi, why are you an adult!?h
Yes. Actually, this beautiful lady was not Natsumifs real appearance.
Natsumi was a spirit with transformation abilities and this was her appearance after
she transformed her body to match an ideal womanfs body.
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
16 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
But, the current Natsumi should have her Reiryoku sealed away by Shidou. Thinking
normally, there was no way she could use her transformation abilities. Even if she
use her limited released powers, it should be only possible when the spirit's mental
state is in considerable disorder.
That means, Natsumifs body has probably fallen prey to a severe stress. No, from
what he could see from Natsumi, it didn't look like her mental state was in disorder
at all------
The room door suddenly opened, just when Shidou was thinking about that.
gJust what is going on, you were so noisy just nowh
A middle school aged girl with her hair tied into two sides (twin tails) with black
ribbons entered the room. It was Shidoufs sister, Itsuka Kotori. It seems, she felt
suspicious and came to check the situation out because I raised a loud shout when I
fell down to the floor just now.
gcccccwaith
After Kotori looked around the room while opening the door, she looked at
Natsumi who was half-naked, and Shidou who was on the ground before *twitch*
her eyebrows twitched.
Not caring that her panties could be seen from Shidoufs angle, she swung her legs
up before dropping her heel onto Shidoufs stomach while he was facing upwards.
gWhat the heck are you doing this early in the morningggggg!h
gGyaanncc..h
After Shidou bent his body like the shape of the word ‚­, he held his stomach while
groaning in agony. Maintaining the momentum from when she heel dropped
Shidou, Kotori turned her back to Shidou and after both her legs landed on the
ground, she slammed her left palm into her right fist and took a finishing pose. If
this was a fighting game then, there was no mistake that the word [KO!] would be
dancing between them.
gFuun, gyaan huh. How about changing your occupation to an antique shop owner?h
gWh-why youcch
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
17 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
Even though he was raising a voice filled with pain, it seems Kotori did not bother
to listen.
gSo, just what were you thinking about when you were going to commit an obscene
act in the house which has your sister in it? I thought you were someone more
discrete and prudenth
gThatfs false accusations!h
gUwah, false accusations huhcc.how indecenth
gDonft judge it by the appearance of the word! Anyway, Natsumi was sleeping
beside me when I woke up for some reasonh
gccccis that so?h
Kotori looked towards Natsumi with a dubious look.
Natsumifs cheeks turned red when Kotori did that, and she opened her mouth
embarrassingly while hugging her chest.
gShidou-kuncc.Perverth
gccc!h
After Kotorifs sights turned sharp, she once again lifted her leg and was about to
drop her heel on Shidou. But, Shidou managed to block it in the nick of time and
shouted as if he was trying to appeal to her.
gCa-calm down! I didnft do anything, I am serious here!h
gccc.You better be right?h
gI-itfs the truth! Rather, why can Natsumi turn into her adult version!? What
happened!?h
gAahccc..h
Kotori slowly moved her legs away from Shidou when he asked.
gNow that I think about it, I didnft tell you.------about Natsumifs conditionh
gCondition? What do you mean? Donft tell me the seal was not enoughccc..?h
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
18 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
Shidou said that in a nervous tone. But, Kotori cast her eyes down and swung her
head.
gNoo. The seal was successful. Just like the other spirits, Natsumifs reiryoku was
properly sealed by Shidou.h
gThenccc..did something happen to make Natsumifs mental state be in
disorder!?h
After he said that, Kotori made a complicated face while groaning.
gUuuunccc.that might be the casecc..if you put it that wayh
g? What do you meanccc.?h
He could not get any of the points at all. Shidou wring his neck. When he did that,
Kotori bent down and brought her face closer to Shidoufs ear in order to prevent
Natsumi from hearing; she was probably being considerate.
gc..you know, Natsumifs mentality is super weak righth
gcccahhcch
Shidou scratched his cheeks while maintaining a weird pose. Now that he thought
about it, the untransformed Natsumi was a cluster of complexes and her mood
would break even from little things.
gSo thatfs the case. Natsumifs ability appears much easier compared to the othersh
gI-isnt that kind of dangerouscc?h
gUuuunccnonetheless, her abilities only appear to transform her own body so I
guess it will work out somehow for the time being. Most likely, she would naturally
hide her real appearance when she feels embarrass and wants to escape from
peoples eyes. We have no choice but to take time and let her get used to thish
gI-I seecc.h
gHey, what are you two whispering about? Donft leave this onee-san out from the
grouph
In an unnecessarily erotic pose, Natsumi said that while fixing her disordered hair.
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
19 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
Not even a spec of a weak mentality could be felt and she was giving off a confident
appearance. Now that he thought about it, Natsumifs personality will transform into
something filled with confidence just like the word as if the person changed.
gNatsumi, youcccc.h
Kotori stood up and sighed while opening her eyes half way.
gItfs okay to wake Shidou up but, do something about the habit of transforming
whenever you like. If you keep that up, you will not mix into society no matter how
long it takes.h
gAaan, you got angry because I took the role to wake Shidou-kun up huh. Your cute
face will go to waste you know?h
gI-I didnft say that!h
gFufu, itfs written on your face even if you donft say it. But see, Shidou-kun wonft
notice Kotori-chan even if you snuggled beside him with that bodyh
gWh-what did you say!?h
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
20 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
21 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
After Natsumi said that while folding her arms and lifting her big breasts, Kotori
shouted in an unbearable state.
gThatfs the truth right? It might look promising in some specific aspects but, how
should I say this, itfs lacking firepower or itfs a work of art with the wind resistance
being close to zeroh
gDo-donft look down on me! I am still in puberty!h
gEeehcc..but breasts stop growing around the age of 15 you know?h
gI-I am still 14! Forget that, why are you acting big for! You might have a nice body
in your transformed form but, your real body is lower than mine!h
gccccccccc!h
The moment Kotori shouted, Natsumifs expression which was filled with confidence
turned into astonishment. There was a hallucination as if the surroundings suddenly
just got dark. If this was a manga then, there would probably be sound effects like
[Gaaaan] or [Zuuun] appearing on top of Natsumifs head.
gLi-like I thoughtccKotori thinks that way of me. U-uuuuccI look like an idiot.
Turning all jolly alone after making friendsccc..it is impossible for people to
accept someone like mecccc..h
Natsumi covered her face with both her hands and her shoulders were trembling
periodically. I see, her mentality was as weak as tofu. Kotori made a [Oh crap] face
before walking to Natsumi in panic.
gI-I donft think that. How should I say this, that was just the spur of the moment or,
that was a tit for tat errrcch
gUuc.uucc.itfs okay Kotori-chan, donft force yourself. Sorry to make you keep
someone like me companyccI am more of a midget than Kotori-chan
anywayccch
gNo, I am serious! I donft think that way!h
gButccI am more of a midget than Kotori-chan anywayc..h
gTh-that is not true!?h
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
22 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
gcccThen, Kotori-chan is more of a midget than mec.?h
gU, th-thatfscch
Kotori hesitated while sweat was flowing down her forehead. When she did that,
large teardrops started to form on Natsumifs eyes and she started crying.
gIt was a lie like I thoughttttt! Itfs the kind lie that hurts a personfs heart the most
rightttt!h
gAhccaaah, mouuu! Thatfs right! I am more of a midget than Natsumi!h
Kotori gave up and said that. Natsumi then stopped crying like it was a lie just now
and *pan**pan* started laughing on the bed this time.
gAha-hahahhaa! She's a midget! Kotori-chan is a midget!h
gWhacc.h
Unable to comprehend what happened, Kotori went blank for a moment but her
sights turned sharp immediately and she glared at Natsumi.
gY-youc..you tricked me!?h
gKyaa! The midget is attacking!h
Natsumi made an innocent smile while jumping off the bed and exited the room
before heading to the first floor.
gWhy you little, wait therecc!h
Kotori chased after Natsumi and *batabata* ran down the stairs.
---and finally, peace visited Shidoufs room.
gcc..I guess Ifll wash my faceh
Shidou *ya-re ya-re* made a tired sigh before slowly standing up from his place on
the floor.
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
23 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
Although there was a morning wake up surprise, that dayfs morning was shockingly
[Normal] if that event was excluded.
He washed his face, changed his clothes, finished his breakfast with Kotori, who let
Natsumi get away in the end, and left the house.
When he did that, a cheerful voice echoed from the mansion next door.
gShidou!h
When he brought his eyes there, he saw a girl in the same Raizen high school
uniform waving her hands to him.
She had characteristic long night black hair and shinning crystal-like eyes; she was
a girl whose beauty seemed almost artificial. She had a well-proportioned nose
bridge, and sakura petal-like lips. Anyone who sees her will feel a somewhat
artificial mystique aura coming from her.
But, the lovely expression on her face was enough to flip that impression of her
around; it was a cheerful and intimate smile.
Yatogami Tohka. She was the Itsuka family house's neighbor and at the same time
Shidoufs classmate.
gOu, Tohka. Good morningh
gUmu, good morning!h
After Shidou waved his hand, Tohka made a satisfied smile while making a big nod.
All of her behavior was filled with life and cheerfulness. As usual, she was living
her life to the fullest.
gItfs nice weather today too! It feels warm and cozy!h
gAah, it doesnft feel like November at all.-----wait, now that I think about it, where
are Kaguya and Yuzuru? Donft tell me they overslept?h
Shidou tilted his head and looked behind Tohka. The Yamai Kaguya and Yuzuru
sisters who were living in the same mansion as Tohka could not be seen there.
gNo, both of them went already. It seems they were having a competition on who
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
24 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
would reach the school firsth
gAah, I seeh
At that [normal] reason, Shidou unintentionally made a wry smile. Kaguya and
Yuzuru are very close sisters but, they love competing more than the second meal of
rice (I was going to say third meal but, it seems they competed on not having meals
three times already and it was invalid for competing anymore) and would come up
with something to compete.
gWell then, letfs goh
gUmu!h
Tohka made a cheerful nod when Shidou said that. They then started walking to
school along the path they frequently used to get there.
This was also a scene from their usual normal days.
This was one part of the everyday life that they repeated several times these past few
months. The strange scenery of the special existence-Spirits that crosses the
category of logic had become something normal to Shidou before he noticed.
gccc.ouch ouchh
And suddenly, Shidou's neck hurted when he looked up to the sky and he puckered
his face.
"Nu? Whatfs wrong, Shidouh
gAahcc.I fell off the bed this morningh
gMuu, you have to be carefulh
Tohka said that worryingly. Shidou said [I am okay] and made a wry smile.
gI wonft fall off normally. Today, Natsumi-----g
gNatsumi? What happened to Natsumi?h
gAh, no, nothingh
Shidou swung his hand to trick her. Tohka made a dubious face but, she immediately
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
25 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
recalled something and opened her eyes wide.
gOh yeah Shidou, speaking of Natsumi, there was something I've been wondering
about from beforeh
gHn? What is it?h
gNatsumi is called natsumi[10a 1] because she is loved by everyone?h
gcc.Ah---g
Although he was relieved that the topic changed, it was only for a brief moment.
Sweat flow down Shidoufs cheeks.
The word [Natsumi] was taught to Tohka by Shidou a few days back ago. The
meaning is [I like you]. cc..well actually, It was something Shidou made up to
trick Tohka when he called her Natsumi.
gT-thatfs right. Words like [Love] and [Like] are good ones as expected. Itfs often
used as names. You see, Yamabuki from our class is named [Ai] too if I am correct
right?h
gOoo! I see!h
Shidou brought up something random and Tohka hit her hand as if she was
impressed from the bottom of her heartcccc.his chest hurting. Incidentally,
Yamabuki from his class was [Ai[10a 2]] not [Ai[10a 3]].
After talking about that while walking, both of them reached the high school.
He changed his shoes like usual, climbed the stairs as usual, entered the classroom
as usual and reached his seat as usual. Shidoufs seat was the second seat from the
window, Tohkafs seat was beside himccccfor some reason, the moment Shidou
entered the classroom, his classmates were sending cautious looks to him but, well
he decided to now worry about that.
Whatfs left was to prepare for classes and he should just have a random
conversation with Tohka until homeroom starts. This was also the same as usual.
---But.
gcccc.h
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
26 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
He looked at the seat to his left silently.
The seat was still vacant. Shidoufs classmate----Tobiichi Origamifs seat.
Yes. There was something missing in his days which should be normal.
gOrigamicc.h
Shidou called her name with a soft voice.
gMucc.h
When he did that, Tohka looked towards Origami's seat when she noticed him doing
that.
Origami was in the AST-----a member of the team that aims to exterminate the
Spirits. And of course, Origami was not close to Tohka who was a Spirit. No, their
relationship was so bad itfs even proper to call it the relation of dogs and monkeys.
But, what is going on, he could feel that Tohkafs eyes had some kind of complex
emotion inside when she was looking at that vacant seat.
However, that was something only natural. Shidou made a small nod to answer
Tohkafs word before sighing and recalled back the memory of when he last saw
Origami.
---it happened a few days earlier. Tenguu city was in danger.
The DEM industry dropped an artificial satellite with explosion arts installed on the
city from the satellite's orbit.
Thanks to the efforts of Shidou, the spirits and <Ratatoskr>, they managed to stop it
at the last minute but, DEM industries had one secret move prepared.
A bomb with the same power as the one installed on the artificial satellite was
dropped towards Tenguu city from an airship.
Completely depleted of energy, Shidou and the group were in a predicament. There
was nothing left they could do.
At that time-----a Wizard appeared from the skies and destroyed it with one hit. That
was Origami.
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
27 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
gWhatc.was thath
After Shidou mumbled that as if to ask himself that, he placed his hands on his
forehead and immersed himself in thoughts.
Thinking normally, that event was just Origami coming to save Shidou and the
group from a pinch. All he had to do was to raise both his hands in happiness and
thank Origami.
But, the situation was not something that could end that easily.
The CR-unit Origami was wearing-----instead of the official basic equipmentfs
from the JGSDF that she usually wears; the unit was something from DEM
industries.
Just what does that mean? In the end, Origami did not descend towards the gang and
left the spot after leaving a meaningful sight to them. He thought he would ask her in
details next time they meet butcccc
And at that moment, he could hear a familiar chime from the speaker installed in the
classroom.
gccc.Oh, itfs homeroomh
The students scattered around the classroom quickly started returning to their own
seats. When he looked out the window, he could see several boys and girls slipping
pass the school gate while it was closing.
But------Origami could be not seen among them.
gccc.Shefs absent today huhh
Shidou made a small sigh. Disappointment and------a slight relief was mixed in his
sigh.
Nonetheless, there was no problem fixing this issue. Even though he was going to
head back today, itfs better to visit Origamifs home with an excuse like a home visit.
When Shidou was thinking about that, the teacher Okamine Tamae AKA Tama-chan
entered the classroom.
Stand, bow, sit. After performing the usual greeting, Tama-chan-sensei opened the
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
28 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
attendance book.
gcccOkay, gooood morning everyone. Letfs be in high-spirits today tooh
Tama-chan-sensei said it in a dark voice compared to the high-spirits she said, and
dropped her sights to the attendance book.
The class was worried when they saw Tama-chan-sensei in a downhearted mood
compared to her usual self.
gEhcc.What, what happened Tama-chan?h
gDoesnft she look un-energetic?h
gAh, perhaps the marriage interview was no good again?h
gAh---cccc.h
Random speculation came flying from left and right.
Maybe Tama-chan did not hear that, *Haaa* she made a sigh.
gBefore we take attendance, there is sad news I need to tell everyonecch
After saying that, Tama-chan frowned her eyebrows like the word ”ª. Seeing her
weird state, everyone in the class said [cc.Like I thought].
gThatfs why I kept telling her not to go all out on the photo for the marriage
interviewcc..h
gItfs true they wonft even let you meet if the first impression is bad but, itfs bad if the
gap is too bigh
gI-yaa, but would she go through all the trouble to announce that during the
homeroom?h
gEhh, what is it thenh
gShe went through a scam marriage and lost all her inheritance?h
gUwaaah, now thatfs sadh
Etc etc, many rumors started to form. Tama-chan gave a warning by
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
29 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
*cough**cough* purposely coughing before continuing her words.
gActuallycc..Tobiichi-san is going to transfer schools due to sudden
circumstancescc.h
gHuhcc..!?h
Shidou stood up by reflex when he heard Tama-chan-sensei's words. Beside him,
Tohka was also opening her eyes wide in surprise.
Everyone in the class was surprised too but, Shidoufs reaction was too big.
Everyonefs sights gathered on Shidou.
Normally, it was an uncomfortable situation. But right now, Shidou didnft have the
leisure to worry about it. He slammed on the table and threw questions at Tamachan.
gWa-wait a second. Origami is going!? Whatfs going on!?h
gE-even if you tell me thatcccI donft know the details. Tobiichi-san suddenly
called me and told me she was transferring, and will send the necessary documents
latercc..h
gNo wayccch
Shidou could not hide his discomposure and hit his forehead with his hand. The
surrounding classmates started whispering. Everyone probably thought Shidoufs
panic was unexpected.-----No, speaking it in a more correct term, they might be
shocked that Shidou did not hear the situation from Origami.
gS-soccc.Which school was she transferring to?h
Shidou continued his words as if he was imploring. As long as he knows the
schoolfs name, it was possible to have <Ratatoskr> investigate it for him.
It seems Shidoufs desperate state could be conveyed to Tama-chan. She quickly
looked through the printout pinched between the attendance book and raised her
face.
gAb-about thatcc.h
But, that expression was filled with bewilderment.
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
30 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
gA-a school in Britaincc..h
gccccc..uhh
Shidou heard those words and gulped down.
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
31 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
32 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 2
gUcc..u-ugaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!h
This was in a room of the spirit mansion located beside the Itsuka house.
Natsumi was planting her face into a pillow while shouting.
Incidentally, even though she disliked the dust puffing up nearby, she continued
swinging her limbs and *poof**poof* it was hitting the bed. She would sometimes
cover her face from recalling back memories while writhing in agony. It was like
she was possessed or sick, or maybe a high school boy who had his hidden treasure
under his bed discovered by his mother.
gU-uguuuuccc.h
After continuing those actions for a few more minutes, Natsumi lied on top of the
bed completely exhausted.
Nonetheless, itfs not like she was satisfied. It was just simply because she got
exhausted from going wild.
Natsumi waited to recover some of her stamina before heavily raising her body and
looking at a mirror placed on the wall.
A small, thin, and dark-faced girl was shown on it. At the very least, there were no
traces of the onee-san who gave off an attractive and lovely scent when she was
snuggling beside Shidou.
This was Natsumifs real appearance.
gAhhhcc.mouu, why am I like thish
She made her hair messy and once again threw herself onto the bed.
Nonetheless, itfs not like Natsumi hated her real self like last time.
cccno, it would be a lie if she said she had no dissatisfaction with her body at all.
She would like to be taller or, her breasts to be bigger; the insufficient parts she
wanted to increase was endless.
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
33 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
But, that complex was quite an improvement compared to the Natsumi a while back.
Natsumi has come to accept her real appearance that she hated until she could not
bear it.
This and that was all thanks to Shidou and the other spirits. They [Transformed]
Natsumi----and more importantly, they [accepted] Natsumi.
She was thankful to them. That is why, Natsumi was thinking of a way to repay them
somehow. And the results was, she decided to wake everyone up in the morning for
now.
However, it wasnft that simple.
For starters, things went well when she sneaked into Shidoufs room but, a weird
nervousness fell upon Natsumi the moment she thought of waking Shidou up.
Once she wakes Shidou up, just what kind of answer should she give if he asked why
Natsumi was here. No, itfs obvious the answer was she went there to wake Shidou up
but, there is a possibility he would ask back [Why?]. No no, that is still better. If
Shidou is someone that gets in bad mood once he wakes up then there might be a
possibility he might scold herccc? No no no, more important than that, if-----
Etc etc etc, after thinking all that, Shidou suddenly [uccc.nncc..] moaned while
turning over.
Natsumifs nervousness reached its peak in an instantcccc..and before she knew
it, Natsumifs body turned into her Onee-san version which was supposed to be
sealed away.
Strangely enough, the only thing that was supposed to change was her outer
appearance but, she would oddly be very big-hearted when she turned into that
appearance, and was brimming with confidenceccc.All the things Natsumi could
not do before could easily be done now.
Specifically speaking, she could snuggle beside Shidou in an underwear
appearance, make his heart start pumping hard when he wakes up, or even trick
Kotori by faking her criesccccthose types of examples.
Natsumi then ran away from Kotori and reached her room and laughed for a period
of time before turning back to normal and------
gUgoooooccch
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
34 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
And thus, she fell into a tremendous self-hatred.
She hated her weak heart. She was completely soft and frail. If this goes on, a soft
tofu was tons more times sturdier than her.
At that moment. The chime rang without any warning at all, and Natsumi twitched
her shoulders. And judging from the sound, it was not from the entrance but rather it
was the chime installed in front of her room.
She was close to transforming to her adult version from the shock but, she placed
her hands on her chest and somehow managed to suppress the heartbeat. After fixing
her breathing, Natsumi walked towards the door while walking silently for some
reason.
For an instant, she thought Shidou and Kotori chased her to the mansion but, both of
them should have gone to school already. Then who isccc..
gW-who is itcc.?h
Standing in front of the door, Natsumi timidly asked (She was scared to peek at the
door scope for some reason) before, a soft voice answered back soon. The door
was made sturdy just in case for any emergencies but, since there was a mike and
speaker installed on it like an intercom, it was possible to have a conversation
through the door.
gE-errccitfs Yoshinoh
gYoshinon is here too~h
gcc.!?h
Natsumi brought her eyebrows closer from the unexpected voice.
Nonetheless, itfs not like she didnft know the owner of the voice. It was Yoshino. She
was one of the spirits living in the mansion just like Natsumi.
Just what business does she have with her? Natsumi wrung her neck while placing
her hand on the door knob.
But, she then noticed her appearance when she saw her reflection in the mirror on
the shoe box (closet?) door and immediately gasped. Because she was rolling
around on her bed until now, the hair she carefully combed during the morning
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
35 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
turned totally messy without any trace of neatness left. Maybe it was because of the
amount of hair she has; it totally exploded because she let her guard down.
gWaic..wait a moment!h
gEh? Oc.okayh
After Yoshino replied through the door, Natsumi ran through the corridor to the
washroom and used a big brush to fix her hair.
gAlccalrighth
About 3 minutes later. Natsumi put down the brush and ran back to the door. Of
course, it was far from satisfaction but, it canft be helped. At the minimum, she
probably managed to exorcise the unsightly bed hair.
Natsumi took a deep breath before putting on her sandals and opened the door.
At the same time she did that, a small girl standing there bowed her head.
gErrrcccGood morning, Natsumi-sanh
It was a cute girl with a casket hat with a cute design on her head and a puppet in her
left hand. Her soft wavy hair was blue like the sea and her eyes were like glittering
sapphires.
gGooood morninggg Natsumi-chan. How are you doing---?h
Next off, the puppet worn on Yoshinofs left hand greeted her while skillfully
moving its hands. It was Yoshinofs friend [Yoshinon].
gAccGo-oodcccningh
Natsumi averted her sights away in difficulty before greeting backccccc.If she
was in her adult appearance, she would probably say [Good morning Yoshino and
Yoshinon. What brings you here? Perhaps you came to visit me? Yaaan, Natsumi is
moved---] and hug her butccc.that level was too hard for Natsumi now. The
silence continued for a few moments.
---What should I do in this situation? She came all the way here so, [Talking while
standing is tiring so, come on in. I have good tea] naturally urging her like that
would be a good choice for a good woman? However if it was something she could
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
36 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
finish here then, Yoshino might be the one to be considerate instead. She passed
through the room, and finishes her business with one or two words after having
some tea. In a way, there might be some people who thinks that itfs a good idea to
enjoy having a fun conversation but, that would be a heartless excuse of a monster
with the communication skills to be able to converse with someone naturally. If she
could do that then, Natsumi wouldnft be silently standing frozen at the door.
Incidentally, Natsumi has no idea what tea was good even though her room has tea
in it.
gNeee neee Natsumi-chan. How long should we be doing this? Can we enter the
room please?h
[Yoshinon] moved its mouth when Natsumi was in agony with sweat flowing down
her forehead. What a lifeboat at an amazing timing. She was a good women
compared to Natsumi.
guu, Yoshinonccc!h
Yoshino warned [Yoshinon] but, Natsumi quickly swung her head.
gI-itfs okay. Come in. Itfs nothing much anywaycc..h
gSorry, Natsumi-sancch
gI-itfs totally okay. Rather, I was thinking of saying that anywaycc.:
Natsumi urged Yoshino and [Yoshinon] into the room after saying that in a shrill
voice. Yoshino bowed down and said I will be intruding before taking off her
shoes, neatly arranged them and entering the room. Incidentally, Natsumifs shoes
were thrown aside in a ƒnshapecccc..Natsumi somehow felt embarrassed and
secretly arranged her shoes properly.
gS-sit anywhere you like. I will prepare the teaccc.h
After urging Yoshino into the living room, she took a tea bag from the shelves
installed in the room and put it into a cup before pouring hot water into it. There
were proper tea leaves there but, she had no clue how to prepare tea with them.
Natsumi lined up the tea and random snacks on the table before sitting at the
opposite side of Yoshino.
gG-go aheadccch
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
37 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
gSorrycc.Thank you very muchh
Yoshino slightly lowered her head and took a sip of the tea. Natsumi did the same
and placed the cup to her mouth.
gccccc.h
gcccccch
But since both Natsumi and Yoshino didnft have a talkative personality, silence
flowed in again at this moment. Natsumi was giving off the feeling of [I am
drinking tea so I canft talk] but, she was taking peeks at Yoshino.
Although she invited her into her room following the flow, just what kind of
business does she have where she has to visit Natsumi. Nothing came to Natsumifs
mind.
gcccccuhh
But at that moment, Natsumi reached one possibility.
In the first place, before Shidou sealed Natsumifs Reiryoku, she caused an incident
and dragged Shidou and the spirits into it. Everyone forgave her already
butccc.It was not weird if there was at least one person that only showed her
agreement because everyone else had and still felt some resentment towards her.
Whatfs more, [Yoshinon] was the thing Natsumi transformed intocccc..it was
Yoshinofs irreplaceable friend. She waited for the moment when Shidou and the
other spirits went to school and it was not weird she was going to have her pay back
then.
gErrr, Natsumi-sancc.?h
gHiii!h
She got called out suddenly. Natsumi twitched her shoulders and hid under the table
like that.
gS-sorry, Icc..!h
Natsumi said that while shaking the table causing Yoshino and [Yoshinon] to tilt her
head in a puzzled manner.
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
38 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
gWhy are you apologizing? Haa, donft tell me you put a dose of something inside
the tea Yoshino drank!?h
gE-eehhccc.?h
gAah, Yoshino is going to collapse after a sudden sleepiness attacks her. Inside the
hazy consciousness, the last thing Yoshino saw was Natsumi-chan licking her lips
while making a lustful smileccc.Welcome to the Yuri-yuri[10a 4] world!h
gI-I didnft, therefs no waycc.!h
She couldnft stand it and raised her face. But, since she hid under the table, Natsumi
bumped her head under the table severely.
gOuch!h
gA-are you okay, Natsumi-sancc.!h
gAhc.i-Ifm okaycc.h
After Natsumi replied back to Yoshino who said that worryingly, she slowly got out
from under the table.
But again, it was thanks to [Yoshinon] that the nervousness got cleared, even though
itfs a little. Natsumi silently took a deep breath before asking Yoshino.
gSocccsoocc.what do you want with mecc?h
When Natsumi said that, Yoshino [Errrccc] spoke something ambiguously
before her cheeks started to blush while looking away. But, she immediately decided
to try over again and looked straight at Natsumifs eye before opening her small lips.
gErrcccNa-Natsumi-san started living here recently so, I thought you donft
knowcc..about this cityccch
Yoshino *kokun* gulped down the nervousness before continuing her words.
gIf it is okaycccwith you, I thought ofcc..giving you a tour of the cityccch
gEhcc.?h
Natsumi opened her eyes wide from the unexpected sentence.
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
39 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
Just what did she take Natsumifs reaction for, Yoshino swung her hands in panic.
gE-errrcccccc.I am not too clear about the city too and I might not be so
useful to you butccc..I think I can do something simple like giving a simple tour.
Errrr, really, if it isnft any trouble for youcc.h
gcccc..uh-aahhh
While hearing Yoshinofs words, Natsumi covered her eyes with both her hands. The
reason was simple. Yoshino was so dazzling that she could not look straight at her.
Even though it was for a moment, she hated herself for thinking something
disgusting like Yoshino might be here for revenge. She even thought that it was an
unforgivable blasphemy to even look at Yoshino with her corrupted views.
gu-errrr, sorry, I didnft think you would hate it that muchcccch
gcc.youfre wrong. Thatfs not itcc.Its just, I am sorry to have been borncch
gNa-natsumi-sanccc..?h
Yoshino tilted her head in a troubled manner. Natsumi slowly opened her eyes
before looking back at Yoshino after she was able to look straight at her.
She then moved her sights away while letting out a soft voice.
gcccceerr, okaycc..I am counting on youh
gY-yes!h
Yoshinofs voice bounced happily when Natsumi replied and made an angelic smile.
Natsumi was close to covering her eyes again when she saw that.
gButcccc.why would you go so far to do something like that for me?h
While half of it was a pure question the remaining half was to hide her
embarrassment, when Natsumi asked that in that manner while scratching her
cheeks, Yoshino shrugged her shoulders before answering.
gI wasc..a little happy. At this time, Shidou-san and the others would go to school
socccc.I can talk a lot with Natsumi since you have come herecccc.thatfs
what I thought. Also, errcc..h
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
40 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
Yoshinofs cheeks turned red before continuing her words.
gW-weccare friends soccc.h
After saying that, Yoshino closed her eyes tightly in embarrassment. Natsumifs face
turned completely red when she saw that.
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
41 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
42 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
gUwahhccwhatfs with this girl, I want to marry hercc.h
gcc..Fueee!?h
gOooyaaa?h
gccc!"
She accidentally proposed from Yoshinofs cuteness. Yoshino twitched her shoulders
from Natsumifs words that unconsciously spilled out from her mouth, and
[Yoshinon] was stroking its chin. Natsumi then *buun**buun* swung her head.
gNo-nothing! Mo-more importantly, you're going to give me a tour of the city
right!? Then letfs go, letfs go quickly, letfs go now!h
gErrrrrrrcccO-okayh
Natsumi pushed the puzzled Yoshino and exited the room.
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
43 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
44 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 3
g------The number you have dialed cannot be connected to because it is either in a
place where signals can't reach or it does not have any power. Please wait a while
before---------g
gKuhcccc.h
In front of the Raizen high school gates. Shidou clenched his teeth after hearing the
announcement from his phone receiver.
It was 9:30am. Of course it was still class time but, after being told that Origami was
going to transfer schools, Shidou could not stand still and left school early after
acting sick.
Tohka looked worried butccccc..she decided to stay in school in the end. He
thought it was not a good idea to let the spirits meet Origami with her intentions still
unknown to him.
He recalled back to the last time he saw Origami-----the time while she was in
DEMfs CR-unit. He clenched the phone which was repeatedly giving off an
automated announcement.
After being told that Origami was going to transfer during homeroom, he tried
calling her several times but, none of them connected at all.
Shidou cut the line and put the phone in his phone before letting out a small sigh.
Regret and a powerless feeling were gradually filling his heart. Origami was
wearing DEMfs equipment. Even after seeing that, somewhere in Shidoufs heart, he
thought Origami would still come to school normally. He never would have thought
his days with Origami would collapse.
gKuh--------g
Shidou lifted his face and started running.
There was only one goal, it was Origamifs mansion. He doesnft know if Origami
was still there butccc.even if she was not there, she might have left some kind of
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
45 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
clue there. Whatever the reason may be, he has to hurry now.
gccc.*huff* ccccc*huff*h
Shidou continued running without caring about the pain coming from his lungs and
legs. If he takes his time then, he felt that Origami would go to a place where his
hands can never reach.
After running for who knows how long, Shidou reached the mansion Origami was
living in.
gHaaaccc..haaccc.h
All the palpitation and fatigue Shidou had been restraining until now, attacked him at
once when he stopped his legs. He placed his hands on his knees for a while and
arranged his breathing.
gPlease be hereccOrigamih
After Shidou entered the entrance with feelings like praying, he typed in Origamifs
room number in the intercom.
But-----no reply came no matter how long he waited. He repeated this for a 2nd and
3rd time but, the results was the same. Maybe her room was vacant
alreadyccc..or maybe she was ignoring him.
While Shidou was thinking that, a woman most likely a resident of the mansion
entered the mansion through the entrance with her shopping bags in her hands.
gcccc..*hmf*h
After Shidou left the intercom, he acted like a resident checking his mailbox and
faced his back to the woman.
The woman then typed her password in a familiar manner and entered the mansion
through the opened automated door.
gcccc..h
Seeing her do that with the side of his eye, Shidou gulped before waiting for the
woman to be gone and slipped into the automated door the moment the door was
going to close.
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
46 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
gSorry, itfs only for this timecc.h
While apologizing in a soft voice, Shidou walked into the corridor.
He then ascended to the next floor with the escalator and reached Origamifs room.
gcccokayh
After making a small nod, Shidou pushed the intercom installed beside the door.
*pin pon* He could hear the sound echo throughout the room.
But as expected, there was no response. Shidou knocked on the door while talking.
gOrigami, itfs me. Please answer me if you are hereh
However, there was no reply. While thinking it was a useless act, Shidou placed his
hands on the door knob.
gHnncc.?h
Shidou raised his eyebrows. The reason was simple. He could not feel the resistance
from the knob he imagined when twisting the door knob.
gThe doorccc..isnft locked?h
Having a realization pass through his head, Shidou felt a small hope shining into his
head. After Shidou made up his mind, he inserted energy into his hand and opened
the door in one go.
gOrigami!h
But.
Shidou lost the small hope he had in an instant.
---by the scenery of the empty room.
gWhacch
After Shidou opened his eyes wide, he simply took off his shoes and entered the
room. Even though he went to search in the corridor, living room and also
bedroomccc..it was the same. Forget furniture, not even the intruder/escapee
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
47 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
preventing traps were left there even though it was something laid out carefully. He
even thought that he entered a vacant room by mistake for an instant.
gWhat the hell is thiscc.h
Shidou placed his hands on his head and unenergetically collapsed onto the ground.
Itfs not like this result wasnft within his predicted possibilities. Rather, the worst
possible outcome was regularly floating in his head right when he was running here
after leaving the school. But, when that reality was brought forward to him, it
became a tremendous impact and squeezed Shidoufs chest.
gWherec..did you go, Origamicc.h
But staying here like this was meaningless. Shidou scratched his head before putting
strength into his legs and stood up from the floor.
He then headed to the next location.
He headed to a place that might have clues about Origami-----the JGSDF Tenguu
city garrison.
Of course, that place was on a whole different level than Origamifs mansion. It was
a JGSDF garrison vital to the countryfs defense; whatfs more the existence of the
AST was a secret to the public citizens. 8 or 9 out of 10 times, he will probably be
forced away from the gate without them hearing anything he says.
But, there was no place that came to mind left. He started moving forward as if to
cling onto that small possibility.
However, even though he determined the next place he was going to head, Shidou
stopped his legs the moment he left the mansionfs entrance.
The reason was simple. One girl was in the alley facing towards the mansionfs
entrance.
She was a characteristic girl with hair that reaches her shoulders, white skin, and an
expressionless face like a doll.
Yes------It was the girl Shidou was looking for, Tobiichi Origami.
gOrigami!?h
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
48 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
After Shidou called her name with a loud voice, he quickly ran towards Origami. He
then grabbed both her shoulders. Overenthusiasticallyccc..that was also a reason
but he felt that she might disappear somewhere again if he doesnft catch her
properly.
gJust where were you!? Whatfs with suddenly transferring schools! Your room is
empty too-----g
gccc..h
When Shidou continued talking, Origami silently made one finger stand. She then
placed her index finger on Shidoufs lips to interrupt his words and stared back at
him.
Then,
g-------I want to talk alone with you. Follow meh
After saying it in a quiet tone, Origami slipped past Shidoufs hands by turning her
heel and walked towards the back-alley.
gO-O-Origami!h
Even though Shidou called out to her, Origami did not stop her feet. She did not turn
back and continued walking.
gKuhcc..h
After Shidou slightly brought his eyebrows together, he lightly hit his cheeks before
following after Origami. He went looking for Origami to talk to her in the first
place anyway. There was nothing to lose.
But, no matter how long they walked, Origami would not stop. They kept going
deep into a back-alley and the surroundings started to be less populated.
gHeycc..Origami, where are we going?h
gAlmost thereh
Origami said that without taking a glance at Shidou and continued walking in
silence.
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
49 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
gccccc..h
Even though he felt that it was weird, he just followed her.
And the moment----- he turned a corner for who knows how many times already,
while he was following Origami.
gAh-recccc?h
Shidou opened his eyes wide in surprise. Origami who should have turned the
corner a moment ago was not there at all.
gOrigami? where are wecc..------!?h
In an instant----Shidou gasped.
Just when he thought someone suddenly grappled him from behind, a handkerchief
covered his mouth and nose.
gWha-this iscc.!h
He took a big breathe because of the sudden event. And immediately, a strong odor
struck his nose and at the same time, a feeling as if the ground was wobbling
attacked him.
gUuaa-----g
His view got distorted and his consciousness turned hazy. It became a hard task to
stand not long later and-----Shidou collapsed onto the ground.
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
50 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
51 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
Chapter 2: The Radiant Goetia
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
52 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
53 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 1
g----Shidoufs missing?h
In a middle school classroom, Kotori made a suspicious voice while pushing her
cellphone onto her ears.
The chime for lunch time rang and Kotori received a transmission from
<<Fraxinus>> on her cellphone.
She felt something strange about it and picked up the phone immediately after
changing into her black ribbons-----she then heard a report from her subordinates.
gWhat do you mean? Itfs school time now you know?h
gYeahccccThat should be the case but, judging by analyst Murasamefs
report ccc he went back 1 hour before class h
gHe went back early?h
gYes. From what we heard from Tohka-chan, it seems Tobiichi Origami suddenly
changed schoolscc.h
gWhat did you saycc.?h
Kotori raised her eyebrows. It's impossible to think that Tobiichi Origami would
change schools without telling Shidou anything about it.
But-----itfs not like she had no clue about the reason for the strange event. Yes, the
last time Origami appeared in front of Shidou and the group was when she was
wearing the DEM CR-unit.
Origami opposed DEM before to protect Shidou once but, she could not deny the
chances that Origami might have make some kind of secret with DEM.
Or maybe-------it might be possible to think that she got brainwashed by DEM.
Thatfs because, the enemy was that DEM industries. Itfs not weird if they did
something like that.
Shidou probably thought of the same thing as Kotori. There was no way that he
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
54 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
could stand still and went looking for Origami.
gThat idiotcc.he didnft tell us anythingcch
After Kotori clicked her tongue in irritation, she continued her words softly to
avoid having the surroundings hear her.
gA disappearance at this timingccsmells fishy to me. Worst come to worst, he
might have gotten kidnapped by the DEM.------how are the girls?h
gYescc..Tohka-chan, the Yamai sisters, and Miku-chan are having lunch in
their respective schools. Natsumi-chan went out with Yoshino-chan to play in
the city.h
gI see. ----They might not be uneasy yet but, we canft keep them fooled for too long.
Anyways, use all personnel and look for Shidoufs whereabouts. I will head back to
<<Fraxinus>> soon too. We have to find him before the girls go home no matter
what.h
gRoger!h
Her subordinatefs reply came from the phonefs receiver. After Kotori ended the
call, she put her phone into her pocket and separated from the wall.
And while changing her ribbons, she walked towards her friends eating their bentos
with their tables joined together.
gAh, Kotori-chan, you finished your call?h
gWho was it? Your brother?h
Her friends asked her. Kotori made a fuzzy smile before squatting down on the spot
while holding her stomach.
gUcc.unnnh
gWh-whatfs wrong Kotori-chan, are you okay?h
gI-I feel a little sickccsorry, I am going back early todayccccan you tell
teacher for me?h
gI donft mind butcare you okay? Want to go to the nurse room?h
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
55 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
gItfs okay. Okay then, I am counting on youh
Kotori took her bag while making a painful face before slowly walking out of the
classroom and----aimed towards the rooftop instead of the entrance.
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
56 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
57 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 2
gcc.u-uhcch
After releasing a soft moan, Shidou gradually opened his eyes.
gWherec..am Ic..h
His view was hazy. Shidou tried raising his right hand to rub his eyes and-----he
raised his eyebrows.
His right hand wouldnft move. Noccmore specifically, he could not bring his
arms forward as if both his wrists were connected behind him.
After 10 seconds. Right in the middle of his consciousness that was gradually
getting clearer, Shidou noticed his hands were handcuffed behind him and he was
sitting on a chair. Whatfs more in a polite manner, he was fastened to the chair with
a rope around the torso, and incidentally, the legs of the chair were fixed into the
ground. It was a persistent handiwork that gave him the impression that they did not
want to let Shidou out no matter what happens.
gWhat the heck is thisccch
Luckily, he was not blindfolded or gagged. After Shidou grumbled, he slowly
turned his head and looked around the place that he was in.
It was the corner of a dark, abandoned building. There were cracks on the wall and a
part of the ceiling was damaged, exposing the steel frame. It was giving off an aura
that this place was away from human hands for a very long time.
Just why was he captured in a place like this? Shidou twisted his head at that basic
question------and immediately, he recalled the events that occurred before he fainted.
gOh yeah, I was chasing after Origamicc..h
Just when Shidou said that, the door in front of him opened with a *giii* sound.
When he looked over there as he got attracted by the sound, he noticed Origami
carrying a huge Boston bag and was standing there.
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
58 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
gOrigami! What are you doing-----g
Shidou said that before gasping.
gDonft tell me you really joined DEMc..!?h
gccc.h
After Origami approached Shidou silently, she put the Boston bag on the floor and
started looking inside of it.
gWh-what are youcc.!h
He had no clue what she was going to bring out but, if Origami has really involved
herself with the DEM then, Shidou will probably be in some kind of trouble. A gun,
knife, or maybe truth serumccc..various ideas flew into Shidoufs mind instantly.
But,
g-----hereh
gHehc..?h
In response to Shidoufs predictions, the object Origami brought out was a PET
bottle filled with mineral water.
gWha-whatfs thish
gWater. Youfre thirsty right?h
Within this extremely weird situation, Origami asked him in an extremely normal
manner. Shidou raised his eyebrows in reflex from that odd feeling.
Itfs true that his lips were dry but, he was hesitant to simply drink something given
to him by the person that kidnapped him. He sent a suspicious gaze to Origami who
was handing him water.
Maybe Origami noticed Shidoufs feelings, she opened the PET bottle and *Gulp*,
took a sip and drank the water inside the bottle to show himccc.it seems she was
telling him that there was no poison or anything similar inside.
gccccch
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
59 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
gcccc.eh?h
No. He was wrong. Origami drank the water without swallowing and brought her
lips closer to Shidoufs lips like that.
Yes. It was likeccccshe was going to transfer the water to his mouth.
gS-Stop! I get it! Ifll take it! Ifll take it so let me drink it normally!h
gI seeh
After hearing Shidoufs words, Origami swallowed the water and said that with a
slightly disappointed expression. She then handed over the opened PET bottle to
him.
gHereh
gA-aahh, then slowly-----Muguuuf!?h
Without hearing the end of Shidoufs words, Origami shoved the PET bottle into
Shidoufs mouth. It was a forceful indirect kiss. He could not fight back since it was
pushed towards him suddenly and he drank the water poured into his mouth like that.
gcccc..h
After confirming that he drank the water, Origami pulled her hands back in
satisfaction. And for some reason, she licked the mouth of the PET bottle before
putting the lid back on.
He was curious about that action butcccccwell, forget it. He coughed violently
as if he was choking before, looking back at Origami again.
gcccso for starters, can you let me goh
gI canft do thath
Origami replied back bluntly even though Shidou said that.
But, that reaction was within his expectations. Shidou slightly rocked his body and
continued talking.
gAh---ccI get it I get it. Then can you at least unravel the rope one time, and let
me bring my handcuffed hands forward?h
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
60 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
gSorry. Please stay that way a little longerh
gPlease. I have the urge to go to the toilet from just now. Even you donft want me to
leak here right?h
gccccc.h
When he said that, Origami silently crouched down and looked into the Boston bag
before taking a PET bottle out from inside again.
For an instant, he thought she was going to make him drink water again even though
he said he wanted to go toilet but----he was wrong. Shidou felt something was off
immediately. There was no content in the PET bottle Origami was holding.
Origami opened the lid of the PET bottle while approaching Shidou.
gO-oicc.?h
Even though Shidou said that with sweat flowing down his cheeks, Origami did not
stop. She placed the PET bottle on the floor before placing her hands on Shidoufs
belt and *Kacha**Kacha* was opening it while making that sound.
gGyaaaaaaaaaaa! Gyaaaaaaaaaaa!h
Having guessed what Origami was thinking about, he twisted his body while
rocking the chair.
gHey! Its okay like I thought! Itfs okay!h
gccc..I seeh
When Shidou shouted, Origami looked somewhat disappointed while re-tying his
belt.
gHaacccHaacc.h
Shidou took a deep breath after breathing heavily and------calmed his heartbeat
before looking back at Origami.
There was a mountains worth of things he wanted to say butcc..now isnft the time
for that. Shidou continued talking in a soft tone.
gccc.Origamih
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
61 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
gWhath
gcccAre you in DEM now?h
gYesh
Origami replied back in a calm manner. Shidou got let-down at her acting as if all
this was nothing.
gYescccwait, you should know what that place is right?h
gA rough ideah
gThen----g
g-----To get powerh
gPowercc..?h
After Shidou brought his eyebrows closer, Origami started talking blandly.
Due to her continuous pile up of disobeying orders, they finally decided to
discipline Origami.
And----in order to continue being a Wizard, there was no other way but to join the
DEM.
gBut even soc..itfs too dangerous!h
gI had no choice.-----There is no other way to gain power to defeat the Spiritsh
In a quietcc.a shockingly quiet tone, Origami moved her lips. Shidou could not
make up any words after seeing that.
Most likely, Origami has a clearer picture of the company called DEM industries
than Shidou. She probably knows about agony and suffering that Shidou could only
think of since a long time ago. On top of that-----she chose this current situation. It
wasnft rejection. It wasnft retaliation. Shidou just felt a type of shiver when he heard
Origamifs bland voice.
But, he canft go down like this. Shidou coughed to regain his composure and moved
his mouth again.
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
62 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
gcc.Then, kidnapping me was-----that Westcottfs orders? Just what are you going
to do with me?h
gccccch
After Shidou said that, Origami slowly swung her head side-ways.
gIt was my decision to bring Shidou here. This matter is totally unrelated to DEM
Companyh
gEhccc.?h
Shidoufs face was smeared with bewilderment.
gWhat do you mean? Then why are you doing thish
gPersonally, it was not my intentions to take your freedom away. I feel apologetic
for thish
Origami looked away before continuing her words.
gIt was an unavoidable procedure. In order to avoid dragging you into this, this was
the most assuring methodh
gWa-wait a second. What are you saying? In order to avoid dragging me inccc?
What the hell is that about!h
Origami clenched her fist as if she was renewing her determination when he asked
before opening her lips.
g----Itfs the fight between me and the Spiritsh
gWhacc!h
Shidou opened his eyes wide in astonishment.
gSp-spiritsccand, who are theyh
gSpirits are Spirits. Of course----g
Origami stopped her words for a moment and took a light breath before continuing
on.
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
63 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
g----Yatogami Tohka and the rest are no exemptionsh
gccc.uh!h
Shidou gasped. Even though it was just a few moments since he drank water, his
throat was oddly dry. *Dokun**dokun* his heartbeat started becoming harder and it
made him feel as if his whole body was shaking.
Fighting with Spirits. And----Killing the Spirits.
Now that he thinks about, these were the words Origami was saying ever since he
first met her. She was an AST member that has a goal in defeating the Spirits so, this
was normal. Of course, Shidou has heard those words countless times already.
But----why.
He never would have imagined his heart would be this painful even though those
were words he was used to hearing.
gWai-wait Origami! Your target is the Spirit that killed your parents 5 years ago
right!? Tohka and the girls are not related in this!h
g----They are still spirits. They are dangerous. In order to avoid making people like
me ever again, their existence cannot be forgivenh
gWhaccc.! Tohka and the rest shouldnft have any spirit readings on them now!
You canft target them in that condition, you said-----g
gThatfs the policy the higher ups in the JGSDF gave. Thatfs also not my problem
anymore now that I am out of the ASTh
gGuhcc!h
Shidou groaned while puckering his face. Itfs just as he says. Origami said she was
obeying orders from the higher ups reluctantly.
Now that he thinks about it, Origamifs actions were no different from the start. She
hates Spirits, detests Spirit, and wants to kill the Spirits.
But-------it canft be helped for Shidou to think that those actions were very warped.
Of course, the factor of Shidou not wanting Origami and the Spirits to fight was big.
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
64 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
However, even if he takes that point away, he still feels an odd feeling coming from
Origamifs words.
Shidou somehow managed to restrain his feelings for shouting and talked in a very
calm tone.
gcc.Hey, Origami. Itfs already more than half a year since Tohka transferred into
our school right?h
gcccc..h
Of course, Origami was looking back at Shidou. Shidou felt that her gaze was a
little different from not understanding what he was saying.
gTime sure flies huh. The Spirits that you were fighting with have mixed into this
world you know? Of course Tohka wasnft the only one. Yoshino, Kaguya, Yuzuru,
Natsumi, and naturally Kotori and Miku tooccc..everyone is living as [Humans]h
Shidou said it as if he was urging her.
gOrigamicccccare you going to say nothing changed after seeing them for
this long? The Spirits are only Spiritscccc..are you going to say they have to
be killed because their existence are dangerousc!?h
gccccccc..uhh
Origami twitched her eyebrows for the first time, when Shidou said that.
She then slowly walked to the corner of the room and raised her right hand before
*gaa*! She punched the wall.
gcc.I know thath
gO-Oricc?h
gYatogami Tohka and the other Spirits are still spirits, and that didnft change. They
are my target for revenge.--------that was supposed to be the caseh
After Origami said that in a slightly trembling voice, she continued her monologue.
gI could not forgive myself for slowly changing my recognition after spending time
with them. 5 years ago on that day, I should have vowed to have my revenge on the
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
65 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
Spirits and yet, I got scaredccccfor getting used to this situationh
After saying that, Origami punched the wall once more.
gThe reason why I joined DEM was not only because of the ASTfs disciplinary
punishment. Before I could notice this situation-------I started forgiving the days
with Yatogami Tohka in ith
gWhacccc.h
Shidou opened his eyes wide and cramped his voice.
gWhy------why is that wrong! You should know that too! Tohka and the rest just
want to live a normal life!h
gcccno. I canft forgive that. As long as they are Spiritsh
Origami separated her fist from the wall before turning her back to Shidou in a
relaxed state.
gThe Spirits arenft the only thing I am going to kill. I am going to kill the me who
formed a connection to them before I knew it. With Yatogami Tohkafs life-----I will
regain myselfh
After saying that, Origami left the room. *Batann* the door closed together with
that sound, and fragments from a part of the wall fell off.
gWait! Origami! Please wait!h
Shidou twisted his body while shouting desperately. But the restraints that she put on
carefully would not come off easily.
However, he could not give up because of that. If this goes on, the fight between
Origami and the girls cannot be avoided.
gDamncc.! Origami! Origami!h
Shidou used all his strength to shake his body and shouted until his throat was close
to breaking.
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
66 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
67 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 3
g--------Is it okay, Ike. To let her move by her own judgmenth
In the highest suite room of a hotel located in east Tenguu, Ellen Mira Mathers
spoke in a quiet tone.
She was a characteristic girl with light Nordic blonde hair, blue eyes, snow white
skin and a slender body. However, the atmosphere of her outward features were not
giving off the feeling of a fleeting sheltered lady, but rather it was the atmosphere of
a veteran soldier.
gI donft mindh
However, the man sitting opposite of Ellen did not get swallowed up by her
atmosphere and replied back in a relaxed manner.
gItfs true that I plan to look at the situation for a while but, she finally decided to do
something. There is no need to discourage our young Wizard right.-----well, that
just happened recently anyways. The bribe needed for the JGSDF became larger
than usualh
It was a young man around his mid-thirties. He has dark ash blonde hair and bladesharp
eyes. His eyes filled with darkness could make the people facing him feel an
indescribable anxiety.
Sir Isaac Rey Peram Westcott. He was the managing director of the huge world
famous company, DEM industries.
gYou mean thatc..huhh
Ellen turned slightly discouraged when she heard Westcottfs words.
Nonetheless, it was only natural. Thatfs because a few days ago, both Westcott and
Ellen were close to having an artificial satellite fall onto their heads by the hands of
DEM Companyfs Board of directors.
The situation somehow got resolved and all the board members including the
mastermind- Roger Murdoch were arrested butcccc..Ellen was still feeling
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
68 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
unsatisfied because she was not given any specific orders by Westcott on how to
punish them.
Maybe he guessed what she was thinking, Westcott purposely shrugged his
shoulders and continued talking.
gOf course, I have no plans to overturn the plan wefve been going through until
now.-----however, itfs also true that I want the data that occurs in various cases. We
have that many Spirits gathered there. Itfs possible to turn one or two of them into
Sephira crystalsh
After saying that, Westcott made his mouth turn into a smile.
gAlso, Itfs about time I want <Mordred>fs battle data. Our target is still the Spirit.
Shooting down a dropping bomb is not enough to measure its true strength.-----You
want to see how amazing she is too right? Well, if she brings out a power more than
our expectations then-------we might have to stop her before she kills off all the
Spiritsh
Westcott looked back at Ellen while continuing on. Ellen made a small sigh while
nodding.
It was just as Westcott says. Ellen also wanted to grasp the ability of that girl----
Tobiichi Origami.
Although there were records of her data and AST battle records, it was to the end
something recorded with her using the official equipmentfs provided by the AST.
She wants to know how strong is Origami when she fights the Spirits using the DEM
industries latest CR-unit <Mordred>----the sister unit of Ellenfs <Pendragon>.
Thatfs because, she scouted her to support her for the missions that are going to
come.
gUnderstood. I will work behind the scenes this timeh
After Ellen said that, Westcott giggled.
gYou look unsatisfiedh
gNo that is not trueh
gWhenever you lie, your eyebrows will go closer so I understood immediatelyh
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
69 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
gccc.uhh
She immediately touched the space between her eyebrows with her right hand.
Butcccc..there wasnft really any wrinkles formed there.
Westcott smiled happily when he saw Ellen do that.
gItfs a joke.
gccccccc.h
Ellen put her hand back to its usual spot and this time, she made an obvious
unpleasant face while looking at Westcott.
gHaha, donft get looks so angry, my cute little Ellen.-----I want you to handle a
different target this timeh
gc.Different target?h
When Ellen asked dubiously, Westcott [Yes] nodded.
gIf Tobiichi Origami targets <Princess> and the rest, a hindrance will definitely
disturb themh
Ellen twitched her cheeks when she heard Westcottfs words.
g------<Ratatoskr>h
gExactlyh
Westcott nodded.
Yes, the Spirits in this city did not gather by just some kind of coincidence. It was
because they were under the protection of the organization that protects Spirits----
<Ratatoskr organization>.
And they know that <Ratatoskr> has an airship that protects and observes the Spirits,
handles the Space quakes, and also it has the power to oppose DEM whose goal is to
destroy/capture Spirits.
If Tobiichi Origami targets the spirits then, there was no mistake that they will
interrupt her. Whatfs more, <Ratatoskr> currently has Takamiya Mana the DEM
Companyfs previous number 2 with them. If she appears then, Origami might not
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
70 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
have the chance to target the Spirits.
gSo, you want me to handle Mana?h
Westcott slowly swung his head when Ellen asked.
gNooh
g? Then whoh
gI contacted HQ yesterday-----I told them to send <Goetia> hereh
gcccc!!
Ellen opened her eyes wide when she heard Westcottfs words.
She immediately understood Westcottfs words.
g-------Are you telling me to stop the <Ratatoskr> ship?h
gIt helps that you understand fasth
Westcott raised the edge of his lips and smiled.
gThe fight on Arubi island, the fight at the Japan branch company, and also the
matter with the artificial satellite-----behind all those events, <Ratatoskr>fs airship
was involved in. There is no mistake for this time too, that ship will butt in too.
Wellcccc.I might have to express my thanks to them regarding the last matter
thoughh
Westcott said that while shrugging his shoulders in a joking manner. But Ellen
replied back with her expression still not changed.
g--------Is it really okay? I canft hold back if I use <Goetia>. It wonft end with me
slowing them downh
gAah. I leave this matter to you. Handle it as you see fit. If it falls because of
something like that then, it means that it's the end of their shiph
Ellen replied with a deep nod after hearing Westcottfs words.
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
71 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
72 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 4
The school without Shidou ended and it was after school. The clear sky during the
morning was now cloudy as if it was going to rain any second now. Maybe it was an
assist to the sunset, the surroundings was already dark.
Under that sky, Tohka and the Yamai sisters from the neighboring class were
walking towards the mansion beside the Itsuka house.
gFuun, but Shidou really is weak huh, for heading back early. Looks like I have to
train him a bith
gConsent. He is really weak. It is decided that he will be running starting tomorrowh
From behind, Kaguya and Yuzurufs voice could be heard in order. While walking,
Tohka looked behind her and saw two identical girls standing beside each other.
On the right, the girl was making a face filled with confidence-Yamai Kaguya while
on the left; the girl was making a sleepy face-Yamai Yuzuru. They are twin Spirits
that were hard to distinguish if someone took a quick look at them butc.......it is
possible to distinguish them by their obvious body structure if they slightly lower
their sights.
gPlease donft say that. Shidou must have some kind of reasonh
After Tohka said that, Kaguya and Yuzuru shrugged their shoulders at the same
time.
gKaka, I know that. Itfs just a joke. Well, itfs the truth that I am thinking of training
him a little thoughh
gQuestion. Now that I think back, I heard master Origami transferred schools. Is
Shidou going back early related to that?h
Yuzuru asked while tilting her head. Tohka brought her eyebrows closer in a
troubled manner.
gMuucccc..Itfs true that Shidou disappeared right after he heard that she
transferred. It might be relatedh
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
73 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
Kaguya and Yuzuru both *Fufuun* snorted after hearing Tohkafs words.
gKukucc..Just like I thought. This certainly is suspicioush
gAgree. It smells of a schemeh
gSuspicious? It doesnft smell anything like flour [10b 1]?h
gNo, I donft mean thatcc..h
Kaguya scratched her cheeks while sweat was flowing down her forehead, when
Tohka said that while tilting her head. For some reason, Kaguyafs voice tone would
sometimes change.
After walking while having that conversation, the Spirit mansion they live in could
be seen not long later.
gNu?h
Tohka stopped at that moment. Beside the Mansion----in front of Shidoufs house,
there was a girl standing there.
It was a tall girl in a sailor uniform with her bluish purple hair fluttering by the
wind. She has meaty proportions like a model and a lovely face. However, that
expression now was being clouded in boredom.
g------ahhh
It seems that girl noticed the girls. The gloomy expression turned bright and she ran
towards the girls with both her hands spread out.
gTohka-saaaaan, Kaguya-saaaaan, Yuzuru-saaaanh
ghhccc..!!hhh
Tohka, Kaguya, Yuzuru felt danger at the same time and dodged from the spot.
However, since the girl charged at them without letting off any momentum, she
hugged the telephone pole just like that.
gNguh! Moou, why did you dodge ith
After saying that, [Puu--] she pouted her lips and while maintaining the posture of a
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
74 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
koala hanging onto a tree, the girl let out an unsatisfied voice.
She had a beautiful voice which sounded like a clear bell. But it isnft any surprise at
all; she's currently Japanfs most popular top idol while at the same time a student of
Rindouji girl academy; she was called Izayoi Miku.
gNo, before that, why did you charge at us!?h
gEeh? Itfs obviously a hug. Itfs a display of my affectionh
Tohka asked her with a shout and Miku replied back as if it was normal.
gI-is that socc..?h
gThatfs right. Everyone does it. Come on, Tohka-chan tooh
After saying that, Miku left the telephone pole and spread her arms to Tohka. Tohka
somehow gradually felt Mikufs words were true after looking at that open state.
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
75 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
76 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
gMu-muuccc.h
But, both sides of her shoulders got grabbed tightly from behind.
gD-donft get fooled my kinsman!h
gWarning. It smells like a lieh
gccc.! I-itfs just like I thought!h
Tohka immediately twitched her shoulders and stopped. Miku made her eyebrows
look like a ”ª in disappointment.
gAaaahn, no waaay. You donft have to worry; I will give Kaguya and Yuzuru a good
strong hug tooh
gI didnft ask for that!h
gShudder. My chastity is in dangerh
Kaguya and Yuzuru hugged their own shoulders and backed off. Miku *Ahaha*
laughed after looking at them like that.
gMucccby the way Miku, what are you doing here?h
When Tohka asked her, Miku blinked her eyes in surprise before hitting her hand as
if she recalled something.
gYes oh yes! Thatfs right, I came here to darlingfs place to play after school ended
but, no one was here and that made me bored. I tried going to the mansion next door
but, it seems everyone was outh
Miku said that in a bored manner. Tohka and the Yamai sisters looked at each other
when she heard those words.
g? Whatfs wrong?h
gNocc..Shidou isnft back yet?h
gYes. There was no reply even though I pressed the chime many times. It seems
Kotori-chan isnft at home tooh
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
77 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
gcccc.Fuun, it might be related with the Origami caseh
gConsent. There might be something to ith
The Yamai sisters placed their hands on their chins while talking with each other.
Miku pouted her lips again in dissatisfaction again.
gMouu, explain to me too please! Just what is going on?h
gMu-umuccActuallyh
Tohka gave a summarized explanation. And in a blink of an eye, several senses of
urgency and a curiosity could be sensed coming from Miku.
gFuumu, It really is suspiciousccc..A danger might be approaching darlingh
gDa-danger? What do you mean?h
Tohka was sweating from those unrestful words and Miku made one finger stand
before continuing on.
gTry thinking about it. First off, there is no mistake that darling went back early
from school because he went to find Origami-sanfs whereabouts right? And, he isnft
back home in this late hour would meanccc.h
gcccc.? Doesnft that mean he hasnft find Tobiichi Origami yet?h
Miku swung her head at Tohkafs words.
gIf thatfs the case, then he would at least contact us. Which meansccccitfs just
that. If darling got captured by Origami instead then, there might be a possibility that
he is getting licked all over now!h
ghhWhacc!?hhh
All three of them opened their eyes wide. Impossible-----Shidou is currently being!?
But, judging by Origamifs daily behavior, it canft be passed off as a simple joke.
The three of them shuddered.
gWe canft stay here! Letfs hurry and find darling!h
After saying that, Miku raised her fist up energetically. Tohka and the Yamai sisters
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
78 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
too, [Oooh!] raised their right fists as if to continue with her.
But-----at that moment.
---UUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU---
----------
A very loud siren echoed through the area.
gMu, this iscc..h
gSpace quake alarmcc..?h
Miku made a bitter face while mumbling.
However, she had no choice but to do so. The alarm ringing would mean that, the
search for Shidou has to be stopped.
A space quake, just like its name says, is an earthquake occurring on space. Itfs a
disaster that occurs unexpectedly------and the reason for it was the appearance of
Spirits like the Tohka and girls, although the facts were not announced to the public.
gFuucc..so this is the appearance of a new Spirit huhh
gInterested. I wonder what kind of Spirit it ish
The Yamai sisters stroke their chins while saying it in deep interest. However, Miku
swung her head as if to warn them.
gYou canft, both of you. If the space quake alarm sounds then, you have to evacuate
to the shelterh
gMuc..i-I know that. I just wanted to say thath
gDisappointed. We have no choice. Letfs evacuateh
Kaguya and Yuzuru nodded bitterly and headed towards the nearest shelter in the
area.
gM-muuccc.but Shidou isccc.h
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
79 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
But, Tohka brought her eyebrows closer in a troubled manner.
They have to evacuate when the alarm rings. She knows that. But, Shidou might be
in some kind of crisis. Origami might have finished licking him if she waited for
the space quake to settle down. Tohka was troubled and did not move from the spot.
And at that moment.
g-----there is no need for thath
A quiet voice came from behind.
gNucccc.?h
Tohka turned around dubiously----and opened her eyes wide.
Thatfs because, the person called Tobiichi Origami who she just found out
transferred schools this morning was standing there.
gTobiichi Origamicc..? What are you doing hereh
gHouu? To think you would appear by your own will. Did you realize that itfs
useless to hide and run from my magic eye?h
gWonder. Master Origami. Is it true that you transferred?h
gAhh, Origami-san. Isnft darling with you?h
gcccccc..h Even though everyone opened their mouth, Origami did not reply
to any of them. She just silently------looked at them with a freezing-cold glare.
While bringing her eyebrows closer and looking at that glare, Tohka opened her
mouth again.
gcccc..so, what do you mean by not needing to evacuate?h
gThe space quake wonft occurh
gWhat?h
Tohka wrung her neck after hearing Origamifs words.
gIsnft this a space quake alarm? Everyone is evacuating you knowh
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
80 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
After saying that, Tohka spread her arms to show Origami the surrounding state.
The residents quickly jumped out from their houses when they heard the space
quake alarm and headed towards the nearest shelter.
However, Origami silently-------(as if she was waiting for the nearby residents to
get away from the place)-----continued staring at Tohka and the rest before finally
opening her mouth.
gThis alarm was ringed by my request. Actually, neither Spirits nor AST will
appearh
gWhat did you saycccc..? Why did you do such a-----g
After Tohka asked again, Origami looked at the girls in order once more and took a
deep breath to calm her heart before taking out a dog tag from her pocket and
lightly placing it on her forehead.
g----To defeat you all hereh
In an instant, Origamifs body gave off a pale light and her body was wearing the
Wizard armor----the CR-unit.
It had dark grey composition and a sharp form. It had deployed X shaped thrusters
and the giant equipmentfs loaded on her hips were characteristic.
It was not the AST official equipment that Origami usually wears. Although the
weapon types were different, it closely resembles the unit the DEM industries
Wizard-Ellen Mathers uses.
gWhacccc!?h
She let out a surprised voice at Origamifs sudden actions. However, Origami did not
bother about that and swung her right hand forward. And as if to match that action,
the weapons equipped on her hips transformed, deployed and was being held on
Origamifs hand.
It was a huge Maryoku cannon as big as Origami. After Origami prepared that with
one hand, she pulled the trigger without any hesitation at all. Just when an eyeglaring
light appeared in the cannon, an enormous Maryoku torrent came out from
it and headed towards the girls.
gKuh------g
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
81 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
After Tohka gasped, she immediately carried Miku and jumped towards the left. And
at the same timing, the Yamai sisters kicked the ground and jumped upwards.
In the next moment, the place the girls were standing just now got erased by
Origamifs maryoku cannon. The asphalt ground and concrete wall were the victims.
All of them got blown away by a straight line from Origami.
If they were to jump away a few seconds later then, the girls would probably be
erased like the wall. Tohka took a glance at the tip of her hair that touched the attack
and glared at Origami.
gWha-what are you doing all of a sudden! Isnft that dangerous!h
gI told you already. I will defeat you----Spiritsh
After saying that in a cold voice, Origami pointed the cannon to Tohka and Miku.
There was neither doubt nor hesitation in her eyes at all.
Different from the usual Origami, her sights were painted with pure hostility and
killing intent. Tohka gulped looking at her weird state.
gcccuhh
No-----itfs different. Tohka clenched her teeth as if to recall back. Tohka has seen
this Origami before.
It was over half a year ago. Before Tohka met Shidou, the AST Tobiichi Origami
that would attack her each time Tohka appeared in this world would show the same
kind of eyes like now. The girl that hates the Spirits, detest the Spirits and had her
whole existence devoted into killing Spirits. The current Origami was just like her
previous self.
Yes. She did not notice until now since she usually sees her in school but, Origami
clearly has changed in the past half of the year. Of course, Shidoufs existence played
an important role for that but-------it was quiet but gradual that her hatred towards
Tohka and the Yamai sisters was different from when she first met her.
But now.
gWhy--------why did you turn back, Tobiichi Origami!h
gccccch
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
82 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
Origami did not care even though Tohka shouted. She remained silent and pulled the
trigger again.
gKuhccc..!h
It was too late even though she jumped away while carrying Miku again. Origamifs
finger moved faster than Tohkafs movements by one tempo.
But at that moment, the cannon pointed to Tohka suddenly moved upwards.
The reason was immediately identified. The Yamai Sisters that jumped upwards
from the cannon attack just now manifested their Limit Astral Dress and attacked
Origami from the sky.
The dense light of Maryoku was shot towards the sky. However, the Yamai sisters
twisted their bodies mid-air and dodged it by a paper thin difference.
gKukuh, good job noticing!h
gAdmiration. As expected from Master Origamih
Kaguya and Yuzuru performed a somersault before descending down in front of
Origami as if to protect Tohka and Miku. They then took a cool pose while,
pointing the Angel in their hand <Raphiel> towards Origami.
gWell then, Ifll listen to your excuse just in case, Origami. This is too much for a
joke, no?h
gInterrogate. Please answer us Master Origami. I donft want to fight youh
gThere is no need to answerh
Faster than her words, Origami converted the Maryoku cannon and manifested a
huge blade formed from Maryoku on the tip of the cannon. She then prepared that
laser blade and charged towards the Yamai sisters. She most likely bounced her
body by using the Territory; it was an acceleration with no useless actions. If it was
a normal opponent then, they would probably be cut down before even responding
to her moves.
However, the opponent Origami was dealing with now was the Yamai sisters known
for being the Spirits with the highest mobility. After dodging that attack both of
them, started crossing weapons with Origami.
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
83 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
But, the battle situation couldn't be said to be good. The Yamai sister fs movements
were probably obstructed by Origamifs spread out Territory. Not long later,
Origami started pushing both of them back.
gKuh----Miku, we are going to save those two!h
gY-Yes!h
The Yamai sisters were in danger at this rate. The moment she thought that, light
started covering Tohkafs body and it took the form of her Astral Dress.
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
84 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
85 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
g<Sandalphon>c!h
She shouted and thrust her right hand forward. Light particles gathered from
nowhere when she did that and Tohkafs Angel manifested. It was <Sandalphon>. The
strongest sword that was able to cut through anything.
At the same time, several pipes appeared around Origami and sound started
producing near them. ----it was Miku. Just like Tohka and the Yamai sisters, Miku
manifested her limit Astral dress and Angel-<Gabriel> and started making an
elegant song by playing her light keyboard.
g<Gabriel>----[Rondo]!h
gcccc..!h
Origami slightly frowned her eyebrows. The [Sound] produced by Mikufs angel-
<Gabriel> was restraining Origamifs body.
She had no intention of killing Origami. But, it was also fact that they canft have a
normal conversation like this. After Tohka exchanged sights with the Yamai sisters
up in the sky, they matched their timing and flew towards Origami from 3 directions
at the same time.
gHaaaaaaaaaaaaa!h
She swung <Sandalpon> at Origami. At the same time, Kaguyafs lance approached
her from the upper right while Yuruzufs pendulum approached her from the upper
left.
There was no place to run, it was in perfect timing. No matter if Origami was
wearing the DEM equipmentfs, there was no way she would run off un-scattered if
she takes on the attack of three Angels at the same time.
But.
g----Haa!h
gccccc!?h
The pipes surrounding Origami in a radius got blown away the moment Origami
made a strong shout. At the same time, Tohka felt the hallucination as if she got
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
86 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
grabbed by an invisible hand.
gWhacc..!h
She remembers this feeling. Yes, this was a super dense Territory------it's quite
similar to the move Ellen Mathers used to capture her. As if she got thrown into
very thick mud, she could not move her limbs as she liked and it became hard to
breathe.
Nonetheless, this feeling wonft last that long. Turning it into time, it will last
probably around 3 seconds.
However, the girls' position switched with Origamifs within that small 3 seconds.
g---------!h
Origami put Maryoku inside the laser blade and slashed.
gGuhcc..!h
gKuhah!h
gRegret. Uguhh
Although they managed to barely block her blade, they could not kill off the impact
force. Tohka, Kaguya and Yuzuru let out painful groans before getting blown away
in 3 different directions.
g*cough*cccc*cough*ccc..h
gEv-everyone! Are you all okay!?h
Mikufs worried voice echoed from behind. But, Tohka could not reply back to her.
The reason was simple. Origami who blew them all away was sending a sharp glare
at her without lowering her guard down.
If she looks away for an instant, her head will probably fly up to the sky in that
instant. Tohka could not feel that this was a joke.
---Origami was seriously trying to kill the girls.
The words Origami chanted just now has finally sunk into her body.
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
87 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
And now, Origami gained the power to do so.
---Lets settle things by knocking her out? Hold back my strength to the point that I
canft kill her and listen to her? She became aware of how naive her thoughts were a
few minutes ago.
Right now in front of her was the strongest enemy who has power worthy of her
will of destruction. I have to kill her----or I will be killed.
That was her battlefield common sense she should have thrown away half a year
ago. That cold feeling pierced Tohkafs heart.
gccccccccc..h
But, Tohka gulped.
Even though she was aware of that, Tohka did not have the will to kill Origami.
---Origami wasnft the only one that changed in this period of half a year. Tohka
finally noticed this now. During the perioot that she had spent time with her, her
hatred and hostility to Origami had turned into something else compared to the first
time she met her.
g-----What are you doing, Tohka!h
gccc.!?h
She twitched her shoulders when she suddenly heard Kaguyafs voice.-----During the
time Tohka was thinking, Origami took this chance to close in right in front of her.
gFu-----g
gKu-ahcccc!h
A merciless attack struck Tohka. Her armor which was supposed to be absolute got
cut apart and blood scattered around.
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
88 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
89 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 5
gSpace quake alarmc.!? Is there a Reiha nearby?h
In the bridge of the air ship <Fraxinus> floating up 15,000 meters above Tenguu
city, Kotori with a crimson jacket on her shoulders raised her voice.
Just when she was finding Shidoufs whereabouts from <Fraxinus>, the Tenguu city
space quake alarm suddenly echoed.
gTh-There is no Reiha standing out in the area!h
Operating the detection device at the lower bridge Minowa raised her voice.
Kotori frowned from the expected reply. There was no way <Fraxinus> loaded with
the worldfs highest class Reiha detection device would fall behind the JGSDF. Then
just what was----
gSo this is accfalse alarm?h
gccc.No, it might be dangerous to decide thath
The person that replied Kotori was a woman with a sleepy expression and splendid
thick shades under her eyes.
It was <Ratatoskr> Analyst officer and Kotorifs best friend, Murasame Reine.
gWhat do you mean?h
gccc.Try recalling back. A few months ago, a space quake alarm like now was
issued during the time Shin infiltrated the DEM Japan branch tooh
Kotori twitched her eyebrows after hearing Reinefs words. Itfs true that there is a
possibility for DEM, or maybe the JGSDF higher ups to ring the alarm.
gWhich means----this is to ward people off? Are they trying to do something so big
that they require the residents to evacuate?h
gccc.The possibility of that is enough. At the very least, itfs more dangerous to
think that this was a false alarmh
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
90 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
Itfs just as Reine says. After Kotori made the Chupa Chups she was eating stand, she
sent her voice towards the lower bridge.
gThis is urgent; please investigate the situation within the alarmfs radius. Take one
part of the automated camera searching Shidou to----g
In the middle of Kotorifs words, an extremely loud alarm echoed in the bridge.
gccc! What is it!?h
gYes! Thi-this is-----I confirmed a strong Maryoku reading coming from nearby
commander fs house! Tohka-chan and the others are there too!h
gWhat did you say? Display it, Hurry!h
gRogercc!h
The same time the crew operated the consoles, the familiar image of her house was
shown on the bridge's main monitor.
gWhaccc!h
But, Kotori gasped in fear after looking at that image.
Thatfs only normal. Thatfs because, Tohka, the Yamai sisters, and Miku were----
confronting in front of the Itsuka house Tobiichi Origami in a DEM CR-unit.
gTobiichi Origamiccc!? Why is she over there!h
She could easily see that Origami was not there for a peaceful conversation.
Actually, Origami started attacking the girls immediately when Kotori raised her
voice.
gKuh-----g
gI-itfs a crazy value of Maryoku! It cannot be compared to her previous ones at all!
At this rate, the girls not in their complete Astral Dress willccc.!h
Kawagoefs shout echoed from the lower bridge. Kotori frowned her face in detest.
She didn't know what happened between Origami and DEM. But, it was also a fact
that the girls are now in danger. She raised her right hand forward and raised her
voice.
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
91 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
g<Fraxinus> Maximum speed ahead! We are going to retrieve the girls! If we are in
trouble then deploy the <Yggd Folium> and have it support us!h
gRoger!!h
The same time the crew members replied all at once, the motor sound slightly got
louder and the bridge shook a little. The <Fraxinus> then changed its course
towards Kotorifs house and-----
gccccc.!?h
In an instant, their movements stopped because of a strong impact.
gWhatfs going on!?h
gI-itfs an attack from outside! Territory 30 percent down!h
gccc..! Enemy sighted at 3 of clock! This is----an airship!h
gWhat did you sayccc!?h
The same time Kotori shouted, a giant ship's image was shown on the main monitor.
More specifically--------an empty space distorted and an air ship appeared from it.
Nonetheless, of course there was no way a giant cluster of iron appeared out of
nowhere. It must have deployed a stealth cover just like the <Fraxinus>.
gThis isccch
Kotori lost her words after seeing the ship shown on the monitor.
It was a ship with the same size as <Fraxinus> and had a fluid exterior. It was a
beautiful ship with gold decorations covering everywhere on its silver body.
As long as there are only 2 companies in the world that can manufacture Realizers,
itfs most likely a DEM ship but, it had the impression that it was quite different from
the last 2 ships Kotori and the group saw until now. But the ship in front of
<Fraxinus> right now looked like it was made for high-class personal to ride on
and had aspects as if it was prepared for some sort of etiquette.
But, Kotori swung her head to deny her own thoughts.
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
92 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
The airship uses the permanent territory produced by the Realizer to make its huge
body to float and itfs an existence that should not appear on the [Surface] of history.
Even if the ship was decorated like a carriage, it would not be displayed anywhere
and even before that problem, no matter how whimsical the DEM company was,
there was no way they would use a show-off specialized ship to attack <Fraxinus>.
Even though it looks unsuitable in this spot------the ship floating in front of them
right now, it was an emissary of destruction created with the intentions to destroy by
DEM industries.
g*Tsk* at a time like this!h
Noccc..it was probably because the time was now that they appeared. Kotori
clenched her teeth. It was hard to think that a ship would appear around Origami
when she appeared in front of the Spirits without any reason. Most likely, they came
to a conclusion that Kotori and the group will try to save the girls and prepared the
ship in the sky just so that it could obstruct them from doing so.
The stealth cover was used to blend into the surroundings by manipulating the
Territory but, in order to fully display that function, the ship must stay still on the
spot. If it were to sail while maintaining its camouflage, the surrounding scenery
would seem distorted, although it was just by a little.
When Kotori was biting her teeth in frustration, an alarm echoed suddenly from the
speaker. guh, Just what is ith
When Kotori asked, Shiizaki on the lower bridge operated the console----and
gasped in shock.
gThiscccis a transmission! We received a transmission line to <Fraxinus> from
the concerned ship!h
gTransmissionccc?h
Kotori brought her eyebrows closer in suspicion and replied back.
gLink it pleaseh
gYes!h
At the same time with Shiizakifs words, a window was displayed on the monitor and
a girl was shown on it. She had light blonde hair and blue eyes to show that she was
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
93 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
a westerner. Her absolute confidence in herself could be felt from that elegant
expression.
g------This should be our first meeting I think. I thank you for replying to the
transmissionh
The girl said it with fluent Japanese. Kotori unintentionally gasped after seeing the
girl.
gcccc., Ellen Mathersc..!?h
Yes. The person shown on the screen was the DEM industries 2nd executive Wizard-
Ellen Mathers.
gWhacc!h
Gasps could be heard coming from the crewfs at the lower bridge.
But it was only natural. Thatfs because the girl being shown now was someone with
a body that can take on a Spirit, known as humanityfs strongest Wizard and was
targeted to be someone they should watch out for the most.
Ellen twitched the side of her eyebrows.
gSo you know of me. This is an honor.----Itsuka Kotorih
After saying that, she said Kotorifs name as her reply. It seems the other side has
investigated them too. Unlike her elegant appearance, she was a girl that hated to
lose. Kotori *Fuun* snorted and glared at Ellen.
gccccyes, you have a problem with it? Is a middle-School kid like me acting as
commander bad or something?h
gNo way. Personal abilities are not related to looks or age. To display my
respect to you who has been obstructing our plans until now, I will honestly say
I do not dislike that way of youh
Without saying it in a joking manner, Ellen replied back. Unable to grasp any of her
plots, Kotori lightly narrowed her eyes.
gThank you.-----So, what business does the worldfs strongest Wizard have with us?
Is it an invitation for tea time? We are busy now.
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
94 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
Even though she said it ironically, Ellen did not move her expression at all. She
replied back to Kotorifs question in a bland tone.
gI have 2 requests-----one. I will give you all 3 minutes so, whoever wants to live
please evacuate the shiph
gWhat did you saycc..?h
Kotorifs gaze turned even sharper after Ellenfs words and she *Fuun* snorted.
gDonft tell me, you're saying you are going to shoot this <Fraxinus> down?h
gI wonft deny that possibility that it might happen. However, <Fraxinus>
huhcccc.Is that the name of that ship. I see, it's really smart to use the
world treefs name.---Was Elliot the one who named it?h
Kotori slightly opened her eyes wider when she heard the name Ellen brought up.
He was the founder of <Ratatoskr> and the chairman of the decision-making
organization-Rounds, Elliot Baldwin Woodman was his name.
But there was something bothering her even more compared to that right now. She
made a hateful sigh and glared at the screen with sniping-like eyes.
gArenft you a looking down on <Fraxinus> a little too much?h
gThese are my words but, arenft you the ones that's underestimating me?
Underestimating the performance of this <Goetia> and----my powerh
gcccccch
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
95 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
96 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
Jest could not be seen from her state as expected. She was seriously saying that. She
was seriously saying that her ship would beat this <Fraxinus>---The airship made by
the joint effort of all of Asgard electronics techniques.
gFuuncccc.Then why go all the way and try to decrease my crew numbers? It
sounds like you were trying to cut our battle potential by using words because you
canft win at this rate you know?h
gThat is related to the other requesth
Ellen said it in a calm tone. She was someone impossible to shake. Kotori clicked
her tongue in frustration before continuing her words.
gccccFuuun? So, what is the other request?h
Ellen made a thin sigh when Kotori said that and took a deep bow.
gYes. The person who manages to escape this fight, I have a message for Elliot
that I want you to sendh
gMessage?h
gYesh
After Ellen made a quiet nod------it was the first time her flat voice had emotions in
it.
g-----Elliot. Elliot. You betrayer. You who betrayed our vow. Please prepare
yourself. No matter where you hide, I will definitely find you and I will cut off
that head of yoursh
gccccc!?h
Kotori gasped in reflex at the stern tone that was unthinkable judging by Ellenfs
speech until now.
Ellen coughed before returning to that unconcerned face like just now and looked
towards Kotori.
gThat is all. ----Well then, I will now give you all 3 minutes from now. Please go
ahead and evacuateh
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
97 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
gccc..You all heard herh
Kotori looked down at the crew on the lower bridge while saying that after hearing
Ellenfs words.
gOur enemy is humanityfs strongest. I donft mind if you all want to runh
She said it seriously without any hint of joking in it.
The crew twitched their shoulders for an instant when she said that but however,
everyone *Nii* raised the sides of their lips.
gccc.No way. I wouldnft have come to the Commander fs side in the first place if
I was going to run h
gYes, is there a difference between death and leaving the commander here?h
gThatfs right. Who the heck is humanityfs strongest, letfs show her our powerh
gYour orders please, commander. I wrote my will a long time agoh
gM-me too, I already set my D-drive at home to delete all of its data when I
diecc..!h
Every member of the crew said that.
As if to continue from that, Kannazuki behind the commander seat made a big nod.
gOf course. But well, itfs also hard to throw away the chance to get punished by the
commander for running away thoughh
gcccc..h
She silently stomped on Kannazukifs foot. [KyaaOO!] A strange voice filled with
ecstasy came from behind.
Kotori snorted and made a small sigh before looking back at the screen.
g----And there you have ith
gIs that so. How disappointingh
Not showing a disappointed expression, Ellen said that. Kotori swung her hand and
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
98 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
sent her orders to the lower bridge.
gParallel activate AR-008, from number 3 to number 6! Initiate Maryoku charge,
prepare <Mystletainn>! Target at 3 of clock! DEM airship----<Goetia>!!h
gRoger!h
As if they got bounced by Kotorifs voice, the crew members started operating their
consoles all at once.
After seeing that response, Ellen narrowed her eyes and sat straight in the chair. No-
-----the shape was a little different from a chair. It looks like a slanted oxygen
capsule machine. It either looks like a hibernation device that often appears in
movies or maybe, a metallic coffin.
She then took out a headset. Although the shape was different, she deployed the same
thing that the <Fraxinus> has too.
g----Itsuka Kotori. I thought youfre someone with calm judgments. Even
though you arenft blood related, you really are Itsuka Shidoufs sisterh
gThat is the best complimenth
After Kotori said that while snorting, she operated the console near her and
forcefully cut the transmission.
gDeploy <Yggd Folium>, number 1 to 12!---Kannazuki!h
gYesh
When Kotori called his name, <Fraxinus> vice commander-Kannazuki Kyouhei
standing right behind the commander seat replied back.
gThe opponent is the strongest wizard. Please prepare yourself just in caseh
gI knew you would say thath
Kannazuki said that. Kotori took a glance behind her and found out Kannazuki was
standing there equipped with the headset on his head already.
Kotori relaxed her mouth and placed the rod of the Chupa Chups between her
fingers before taking it out from her mouth.
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
99 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
gWe canft keep her company forever! Letfs finish this quick and save the girls!h
gYes!h
gMaryoku charge complete, <Mystletainn> is ready to fire!h
gThe enemy ship <Goetia> is not moving!h
Kotori clicked her tongue after hearing the crewsf words. Even though the fight has
begun, the enemy has not taken any actions. And although the deal was off, there was
no way the enemy was so carefree to honestly wait for 3 minutes. As long as the
opponent was not an idiot------there was no mistake that the enemy was letting them
have the first move.
If that is the case then they are being looked down upon. Kotori pointed the Chupa
Chups at the enemy ship.
g<Mystletainn> Fire!h
The same time Kotorifs voice echoed throughout the ship, a blinding light started to
gush out of the cannon prepared in front of <Fraxinus>.
It was a giant cluster of Maryoku produced by simultaneous activating the giant
Realizers carried in the ship. The light it produces is the light of destruction that will
turn anything it touches into dust. The timing was perfect. It was probably
impossible to dodge it with the movements of a giant airship.
Of course, as long as the opponent ship is covered in Territory too, Kotori didn't
think this hit will end things. It seems the opponent has quite the confidence in her
Territoryfs strength so she was taking provocative action like stopping in mid-air.
However, creating the starting point and getting hold of the initiative plays a very
important role in airship battles. There is meaning in scraping off the opponents
Territory as much as possible and if she focus in defensive Territory in front of the
ship to defend against the cannon attack then, they will use the way of turning the
<Yggd Folium> they released just now into mines and send it behind the opponent
before exploding it.
No matter what it may be, they have to attack from here on. If Ellen was serious in
bringing down <Fraxinus> then, bringing her down right in the get go is the only
choice after the first unexpected transmission call.
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
100 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
---But.
gWhaccc.!?h
Kotori opened her eyes wide in reflex in the next moment.
The moment it was about to touch <Mystletainn>fs light, <Goetia> moved to the left
with an unbelievable speed and dodged the attack with a paper thin difference.
Thinking normally, that was an impossible path. It was not forward or backwards,
itfs not even rotating, but directly to the side. It made an unnatural move as it was a
chess piece sliding to the next grid on the chess board.
gWhat was thatcc..!h
gcc..Fumu. It seems the Territory wrapping the ship is quite light and it made it
increase its performance. And most likely, the movement just now was done by
flicking the ship using the Territoryh
gIs that even possible!?h
gIt is not impossible according to theory. I have never tried it before though. -----As
expected from the eternal Mathers huhh
Kannazuki stroked his chin and said that. Kotori *Gan* slammed the handrails of the
commander seat.
gNow isnft the time to be impressed! Itfs coming!h
The same time Kotori shouted, <Goetia> took an unnatural path again while
approaching <Fraxinus>. It was a speed unthinkable from an airship.
gKuh?Turn the Territory to defensive! Prepare for impact!h
gYes!h
In the next moment, a shot was released from the cannon prepared on the tip of
<Goetia> and it touched the Territory covering <Fraxinus> causing Maryoku light
fireworks to scatter nearby.
g*Tsk*cc.now she's done it. Set the <Ygdd Foluim> to mine mode! Take off
<Goetia>fs back!h
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
101 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
They had to counterattack before she goes on the offensive. Kotori sent her orders
to the lower bridge.
The <Yggd Folium> just like its name states are leaf shaped units equipped behind
<Fraxinus>. All of them had independent Realizers on and they were an all-purpose
weapon that's able to deploy its Territory by remote control from the mother ship. It
has an extreme wide range of uses from transmission relays to attacking the enemy.
The existence of this weapon is the greatest characteristics of the airship <Fraxinus>
made by Asgard Electronics.
gRog---- uhcccc..!h
However. An irregularity occurred. A very loud alarm echoed in the bridge the
moment the crewfs reply reached her.
gWhat is it!?h
gThis isccanother attack is coming!h
gWhat did you-----g
The instant Kotori gasped, a light glittered from <Goetia>fs tip and <Fraxinus>
shook tremendously.
gKuhccc!h
Kotori clenched her teeth while glaring at the <Goetia> shown on screen.
The main armament on the airship was obviously a Maryoku cannons with Maryoku
pumped from the Realizer. Although it was equipped with weapons like the machine
guns but, it could be said to be useless to use such a thing in an airship battle with
Territoryfs covering the ships.
The most important thing now is to scrape off the Territory. If that is achieved then,
the choices they have left will be probably increasing the shipfs body Territory
density or attacking with the Maryoku cannon, leaving the special weapon like
<Yggd Folium> out of the equation.
Because of that, the strategy <Goetia> took was very orthodox. ----leaving that
crazy speed aside though.
gAnother attack from a small 10 second interval from the first attackccc!?
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
102 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
Impossible, what kind of Realizer is loaded in thereccc.!h
Yes. As long as Maryoku is produced by simultaneously activating the Realizers, it
was basically impossible to fire the main cannon continuously. Even for
<Fraxinus>, it requires at least 30 seconds for the next shot no matter how much
they rush.
Then increasing the number of Realizers for Maryoku productionccccthat
seems unlikely. Simply just by increasing the generated amount would only cause
the processing ability to reach its limits. There has to be an effective way to use it
or------
gcccc..*tsk*h
Kotori clicked her tongue in detest. The ship had weird motoring moves.
Continuous fire of the Maryoku cannon. All of that connected to the moment she
saw Ellen Mathers just now.
Although the performance gaps were closed in by the appearance of the new model
Realizer called <Ashcroft-Beta>, <Ratatoskr>fs technology was probably still
higher.
That is why the DEM Company came to fill the performance gap with a different
approach.
Just like <Fraxinus> they included the plan for a processing ability using the human
brain in the first draft and instead using it during emergency processing, it was
made as a pure [Battleship] designed with effective uses.
This cheat was only possible because of Ellen- humanityfs strongest Wizard.
Of course the burden to the brain cannot be compared to a normal CR-unit. Most
likely, long period sailing was impossible even for Ellen.
But at this moment, the ship in front of <Fraxinus> was not a slow airship that
requires several people to steer but rather------it was [Ellen Mathers] in a huge CRunit.
gCommander! The left wing Territory has reached its limits!h
g*Tsk*cccch
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
103 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
Kotori brought her eyes to her personal monitor. Itfs true that a part of the Territory
has suffered serious damage.
gReactivate the Territory! Hurry with the <Mystletainn> recharge!h
gU-understood!h
g-----Kannazuki!h
gRoger!h
Kannazuki understood Kotorifs intentions and sharpens his sights. In an instant, the
<Yggd folium> soared in the sky with tremendous speed.
The one controlling the <Ygdd Folium> now was not the remote control Realizer in
<Fraxinus>. It was vice commander Kannazuki standing behind the Commander's
seat.
The <Yggd Folium> danced up in the sky and deployed around <Goetia>. All of
them then used the Territory they produced and increased their radius with them at
the center.
Yes. It made up a [cage] around <Goetia> in the sky.
gCommander, nowh
gYes, <Mystletainn>--Fire!h
Kotori shouted after pointing the Chupa Chups at <Goetia>. As if to respond to that
voice, the fully charged Maryoku convergence cannon <Mystletainn> made a line of
light in the sky.
A Maryoku cannon in front. However, even if she was able to dodge that, the <Yggd
Folium> in mine mode was waiting for her. Even <Goetia> canft get away from this
one.
But, the moment <Mystletainn> was fired, <Goetia> charged straight towards the
attack and tilted itself the moment it was going to touch the attack, the upper part of
the ship then grazed on the <Yggd Folium>fs Territory while dodging
<Mystletainn>.
gWhatcc..!?h
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
104 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
Of course, the <Yggd Folium> in mine mode detected the impact and caused a huge
explosion but------<Goetia> was still going strong. She most likely focused the
Territory covering the ship into one point and withstood the explosion.
gWhat is that womanfs heart made ofccc..!h
Kotori clenched her teeth in detest. If she were to mess up the controls for even a
little then she would probably be blown to bits; it was a very risky plan. If she had a
normal head then, she would specialize the defensive Territory to the direction of
the attack and withstand the attack.
Actually, the moment Kotori saw the opponent took those actions, she had no
intentions of ordering a follow-up attack by the <Yggd Folium>. It seems Ellen won
this prediction battle because her tactics were better. Ellen took a dangerous bet
because she predicted Kotorifs plan------
g*Tsk*ccc.h
Kotori frowned her face knowing that Ellen thought that far ahead.
It canft be helped to think that Ellen did not think that her previous action was even a
bet. It was just simply because of [There is no way I cannot achieve that] an arrogant
thought and she felt that it was only natural to dodge the cannon attack.
g! <Goetia> incoming!h
Mikimoto from the lower bridge raised a shout. Having dodged <Mystletainn>, the
<Goetia> was charging at them in a straight line.
gKuh, evasive-----g
gPlease relax, commanderh
Kannazuki with his headset on stepped forth to stand beside the commander seat and
*Pachin* snapped his fingers.
In an instant, the <Mystletainn> attack that was supposed to be dodged by <Goetia>,
diverted its direction towards <Goetia>fs back and returned back to them.
gHuhcccc!h
She did not know what happened for an instant but, she understood it immediately
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
105 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
right after.
There were countless <Yggd Folium> with its Territory deployed floating behind
<Goetia>. He controlled all of their Territory and forcefully made the Maryoku
cannon attack bends its course.
It seems that this was out of her predictions. <Mystletainn> burst behind the
unguarded <Goetia> and an explosion occurred.
Thatfs right. If the enemy was a monster then they had a monster too as well. Kotori
looked up at the tall man standing beside the commander seat while making a small
sigh.
gcccAs expected from you, Kannazukih
gI feel obliged. We canft have her damage this beautiful world tree. And------g
gAnd?h
gCommander, I think attacking is more wonderful than getting attacked!!h
Kannazuki clenched his fist while shouting. Kotori *Haa* sighed.
But-----
gccc..! Commander! The <Goetia>!h
Kotori twitched her shoulders when she heard Nakatsugawafs shout.
---<Goetia> which supposed to have taken a direct hit by <Mystletainn> was
currently rushing madly towards <Fraxinus> bridge.
gWhacccc.!h
<Goetia> converged its Maryoku and fired.
A blinding light filled the monitor on the <Fraxinus> bridge.
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
106 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
107 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
Chapter 3: Angel
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
108 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
109 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 1
Turning back to 10 minutes ago.
Inside the abandoned building, Shidou was struggling desperately while stuck on the
chair.
gKuh, Get offc..!h
Even though he hit the chair with his arms, the metal handcuffs would not break
because of that. Similarly, the chair fix to the floor with a rivet, also did not move at
all.
gDamn itcccc I shouldn't be doing this at a time like thiscc! Origami!
Origami!h
Even though he shouted, there was no one that would respond to his call. He could
only hear his voice bounce back hopelessly from the wall while frowning his face.
He had no clue where this abandoned building was located but, there was no
completely no presence of anyone nearby. The only thing he could hear was the
creaking door moved by the wind and sometimes the sound of car horns from far
away.
Nonetheless, this was only something natural. Thatfs because, this was the
confinement place that Origami picked. It should be somewhere hard for anyone to
find.
Butccccfinding out what that meant only brought forth despair for him.
Having spent a long time with Origami, he could understand her train of thoughts.
There was no way she would pick a place like [A place where no one will ever passby]
to confine Shidou in.
The reason was simple. By any chance that Origami was the only one to know this
place then; there exists no one to save Shidou if anything happens to Origami by any
chance.
Of course, there was a possibility that a program was prepared to send a mail of
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
110 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
Shidoufs location to the police or school after some time passed. But, with a
minimum insurance, Origami probably took consideration of someone at least
passing by this area once every 2 or 3 days so that Shidou wonft starve to death.
Especially for this situation, Origami did this so that Shidou wonft get dragged into
her fight with the Spirits. There wasn't any problem for her if Shidou was stuck here
for the whole day.
Then------there might be a chance [someone] that passes by here once every 2 or 3
days would appear. Placing his bet on that small possibility, Shidou continued
shouting.
gAnyone! Is there anyone here!h
He canft trust the current Origami. He didn't care about his thirsty throat and
continued shouting.
However no matter how much he shouted, the only thing he could hear was his
echoed back voice.
gGuhccch
At least it would be nice if he could contact someone but naturally, his phone was
confiscated by Origami. Kotori and the rest would probably look for Shidou if they
donft know where he was but, it will be too late.
gDamn, what should Icc.!h
It happened the moment Shidou shook his body violently even though he knew it
was futile.
gEhcc..?h
Shidou opened his eyes wide when he heard another creak other than the chair.
He stopped moving and focused his ears. When he did that, he found out there were
soft footsteps echoing from the other side of the door in front of him.
gcc..! I-is anyone there!?h
It was help from the heavens. Shidou raised his voice to avoid losing this chance.
The footsteps slowly got closer as if the person noticed his voice and stopped right
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
111 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
in front of the room door that Shidou was trapped inside.
But.
After seeing the person opening the door while creaks could be heard from the
rusty joints, Shidoufs relaxed expression was again controlled by nervousness
again.
gO-Origamicccc!?h
Yes. The person there was the culprit that confined Shidou here. It was Miss Tobiichi
Origami that left the area just now.
gccccch
After Origami opened the door, she walked to Shidou silently.
Shidou was surprised for an instant but, he immediately swung his head to regain
his composure.
gOrigami----you came back?h
gcccch
Origami did not say anything even though he asked her. She walked to him without
changing her pace and stood right in front of him.
gOrigamicc.?h
Shidou frowned his eyebrows at the un-talkative Origami----
gUh, you------g
He gasped at the sudden possibility that scratched his mind.
At first, Shidou thought Origami reconsidered her thoughts half-way and decided to
come back to Shidou butcccthat was a selfish thought.
But, thinking calmly, that was a very naive hopeful view for him.
Yes. The girl-Tobiichi Origami had a stronger determination than anyone else and
there was no way she would change her mind without any reason.
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
112 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
Then why did she come back?
There were only 2 things he could think off.
First, some kind of problem occurred and she had no choice but to come back to
Shidou.
And another.
---She has already finished her goal.
gcccch
After Shidou gulped, Origami opened her eyes.
gOrigami, whyccare you back here?h
gccccc.h
Origami did not answer. She remain silent and only stared at Shidou.
Shidoufs breathing slowly turned wild when he saw her unreadable robotic
expression. His heartbeat turned rough and his voice turned very dry.
gN-no way, youcccch
When Shidou said it with a terrified voice, Origami showed a reaction for the first
time.
However, it wasnft consent nor was it denial. She only raised the side of her lips
silently and----*nii* she made a smile.
gcccWha-----g
Shidou felt that his heart was getting squeezed when he saw that face.
But that was only natural. Thatfs because the person in front of him was Tobiichi
Origami. She seldom changes her expression and that graceful appearance was even
enough to be compared with a doll. There were times that she raised her eyebrows
or relaxes her cheeks but, he has never seen her make a distinct [smile] like now.
That might be true. This was the first time Shidou was able to read Origamifs
emotion from her expression.
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
113 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
gW-whyccare you smilingccchey, Origamicc.h
When Shidou asked, Origamifs smile turned even bigger and her body started
trembling as if she could not handle it anymore.
gFu---------fufu, fufufuh
It then slowly got louder.
gFufuu, ahaha-hahac..ahahahahahahahahahahaha!h
gOccri, gac.mi?h
Origami twisted her body and started laughing. Shidou could only call her name
blankly when he saw that weird scene.
He had no idea what that laugh meant. But, he unpleasantly found out that the
Origami in front of him now was different from usual. His heart was ringing like an
alarm bell from that weird scene.
---but, he noticed something weird.
He felt that Origamicc..was laughing too much.
gHii, hiii, hii! What is with that face, what is with that face! Ahahahaha! So weird! So
weird! Ah it hurts!h
gcccOrigami?h
Sweat was flowing down Shidoufs cheek while he closed half of his
eyescccc..Origami was holding her stomach while rolling around. Her panties
could sometimes be seen from her skirt since she was moving that wildly. It was
white.
When Origami was laughing and rolling around, the door that Origami came in just
now opened again and a girl entered the room.
She was a small girl wearing a casket with cute decorations, and a puppet in her left
hand. Shidou raised his voice in reflex when he saw her.
gYoshino!?h
gY-yesccare you okay, Shidou-sanh
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
114 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
Yoshino made a worried face while saying that. As if to match with that, her left
hand [Yoshinon] *Clatter**clatter* opened her mouth.
gIyaah, this is one amazing kidnap and confinement. Come on Yoshino, this is a
chance you know? you can do anything to Shidou now!h
gccc..!h
Yoshinofs face turned beet red and she suppressed [Yoshinon]'s mouth.
Itfs not like he was not curious at [Yoshinon]fs improper comment but, there was no
time for that. Shidou shouted.
gYoshino, run! The current Origami is weird!h
He had no idea why Yoshino was here. But, he could easily understand how
dangerous it is to expose Yoshino to the eyes of Origami who said she was going to
kill the Spirits.
However, Yoshino made big blinks after bringing her sights to Origami who was
still rolling around laughing.
She then quietly opened her mouth to the weird Origami without being afraid.
gErrcc.I think itfs enoughccc?h
gFu-fufucchi-hiiicc..hiiccch
After Yoshino said that, Origami finally arranged her breathing and raised her body
from the spot. She then flip up her messed up front hair and made a fearless smile
before her body started giving off a pale glow.
gWha-----g
After Shidou opened his eyes wide blankly and Origamifs silhouette gradually
turned smaller------she turned into the appearance of a girl he was familiar with.
gNatsumi!?h
Yes. The person that appeared there was the Spirit Natsumi in her real appearance ---
-who came to wake Shidou up this morning. It seems, that Origami just now was
Natsumi in her transformationccc.No wonder something was off.
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
115 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
For now, Shidou made a relieved sigh after knowing that the Origami just now was
a fake and that both of them were safe. However, Natsumi might have taken the
meaning of the sigh in a wrong way and brought her eyebrows closer while looking
at Shidoufs direction.
gcccWhat, you got a problem? Unsatisfied because I came?h
gNo, no way at allcc..More importantly, why are you two here?h
When Shidou asked, Yoshino and Natsumi looked at each other before opening their
mouth.
gErrccc.I was giving a tour of the city for Natsumi-sancch
gRight when we were doing so, we saw you walking with Origami for some reason.
So, Yoshino was curious about it and decided to follow you then-----g
gNa-natsumi-sanccc.h
Yoshino pulled the sleeves of Natsumifs clothes. Natsumi [Haa] face turned red and
she grabbed Yoshinofs shirt sleeves too. Both of them were shyly pulling each
other fs shirtcccccit was a weird scene.
gA-anyway, you guys are lifesavers! Please, could you take off this handcuffs and
rope?h
After Shidou said that, both of them looked at each other before nodding and went
behind Shidou. Both of them then started fiddling with the handcuffs and the knot of
the rope to help him get loose.
gShi-shidou-sanccc.where is the keys for the handcuffscc?h
gUwah, the hell is with this rope. On top of being tied in such a complex manner, the
knot is hardened with adhesivescch
It seems he underestimated Origami. Itfs nice that help came but, this doesnft change
the situation at all.
However, *Don* Natsumi hit her chest that moment.
gI have no choice. Leave this to meh
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
116 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
gEh? What are you going to do?h
gWait a secondh
After saying that, Natsumi closed her eyes and silently stood still for a while.
And after a few seconds, her expression for some reason started turning painful
before she moved her fingers as if she was scratching her throat and-------she
suddenly opened her eyes wide.
g-----Shut the hell up damn ittttttttt!h
Natsumi shouted something unknown to him. And the instant she did that, the rope
and handcuffs tying Shidoufs body gave a pale glow before turning into soft
cottons.
gThi-thisc..!h
Shidou brought both his arms forward while opening his eyes in astonishment.
gNatsumi, how did you get back your Reiryokuh
When Shidou asked, Natsumi whipped the sweat on her forehead as if she was tired
and *Fuuu* exhaled.
gHnnccccWhenever I think of something that would give me a nasty feeling in
my mind, I noticed a little of my power comes back. Well, there are only limited
things I can do with it thoughh
gNasty feelingccc?h
gcccyeah. Incidentally just now, i had a scene image of me heading to the toilet
during lunch time and having my bento in the toilet cubicle because I had no friends,
I then completely forget to lock the door and I accidentally met a girl in my class
when the door openedh
gUwahcc..thatfs just embarrassingh
gcccc.And when I got back to class, I noticed everyone was laughing while
looking at my direction. Ehh, seriously? So things like that really happen. Ehh, isnft
that dirty?h
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
117 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
gSTOP!h
Shidou covered his ears and shouted in reflex at that sad scene.
But immediately, he recalled that now wasnft the time to be doing that. He took off
the cotton curled around his body and wrist before standing up from the chair. His
muscles were aching because his body was stuck in the same position for too long.
Anyway, he has to head towards the girls now. The worst case scenario, was that
Origami has already come in contact with the girls.
At that moment, Shidou [Ah] let out his voice.
gOh yeahcc! Both of you, can I borrow your cellphone if you have it?h
gEh? Ah, yes, hereh
When Shidou said that, Yoshino took her blue cellphone out from her pocket.
After saying thank you and receiving it, he picked the name Itsuka house (2) from
the address record and called.
This Itsuka house (2) is actually a code for <Fraxinus>. This number was specially
registered into the cellphones given to the Spirits for them to contact Fraxinus if
there was an emergency.
With this, he could contact <Fraxinus> and use the teleporter to immediately head to
the girls. Even in a worst case scenario, he's able to ask Kotori to support the girls.
However, instead of the call voice or crew voice coming from the receiver, he
could only hear a robotic *duu* *duu* sound from it.
gccc..Whatfs this?h
Itfs still okay if it was Kotori answering her personal cellphone but, this was
<Fraxinus> exclusive line. He remembered being told to use this connectable special
line even if the communication station might be blown off by the space quake.
---Did something happen to <Fraxinus>. Shidoufs face distorted his face in reflex
when anxiety spread out in the reverse side of his chest.
gErr, Shidou-sanccc?h
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
118 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
Maybe she felt uneasy from his expression; Yoshino said that in a worried manner.
gAahcc.Sorry. Thank youh
After saying that, Shidou returned Yoshinofs cellphone and pointed his toe to the
room entrance.
gBoth of you, please! I donft know where this is. Will you all lead me to a place that
I am familiar with?-----The others are in dangerh
When Shidou said that, Yoshino and Natsumi made a shocked face but however, they
immediately made serious eyes and nodded.
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
119 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
120 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 2
gUuc..Guhcc..h
Tohka raised her body while distorting her face. It seems she was unconscious for a
while.
She found sticky blood on her chest when she touched it. However, it was only
natural. Thatfs because her Astral Dress which was supposed to be an absolute
armor was mercilessly sliced apart by Origamifs laser blade.
gIcc..h
gcc..aah, Tohka-sanccyou woke uph
When Tohka raised her eyebrows while mumbling, she could hear that weak voice.
After lifting her face, she saw Miku in a sliced apart limited Astral dress standing up
while breathing heavily as if to protect Tohka. There were several bruises and cuts
on her white skin; she was literally wounded all over. It was even a mystery that she
was able to stand with both her legs.
gMiku! A-are you okaycc..!?h
gYesccc.somehow. Tohka-san, itfs good to see youfrec..oka-----g
Right in the middle of her words, Miku fell to her knees and collapsed. Tohka ran to
her quickly and supported her body.
gGet a hold of yourself, Miku! Miku!h
After Miku smiled weakly in response to Tohkafs voice, she closed her eyes. At the
same time, she lost all her strength in her body and went limp. It looks like she
fainted.
And at that moment. She could hear the sound of wreckage getting stepped on in the
front direction.
When she looked over there. She found a death god in dark gray armor.
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
121 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
gTobiichi----Origamicc!!h
She called the girl's name with hatred. As if to respond to her voice, Origami sent an
indifferent glance at Tohka.
Yuzuru was around her feet and Kaguya was collapsed a little further away from
her. It seems both of them were still conscious but, both their bodies were covered
with wounds like Miku and it looked so painful that it made Tohka want to look
away in reflex.
Both of them were showing signs of a fierce battle during the time Tohka was
unconscious.----Most likely, they were protecting the defenseless Tohka from
Origami.
After Tohka clenched her teeth, she laid Mikufs body down gently and stood up with
<Sandalphon> in her hands.
gYou bastardccc.why would you do thiscc.!h
gI donft understand your questionh
Origami did not move her expression at all and replied back.
gAll of you are Spirits are disasters killing this world; an existence threatening
humanity. That reason is enough. Donft make me say this againh
After saying that in a very calm manner, she bent the fingers on her left hand. And as
if to match with that, Yuzuru who was collapsed at her feet was lifted up by an
invisible hand.
gAncguish. MasterccOrigami, whyccch
gcccc.h
After Origami brought her eyebrows closer, she extended her hand to Yuzurufs neck
and made her stop her words. Origami poured strength into her hand and a painful
voice leaked out Yuzurufs throat.
However, Origami did not bother about it and readied the laser blade in her right
hand to thrust it into Yuzurufs stomach.
gYou bastardcc!h
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
122 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
Tohka shouted and prepared <Sandalphon>. But------faster than a beat, there was a
shadow flying towards Origami.----It was Kaguya. Kaguya was also buried in the
wreckage but, she charged towards Origami with her giant lance while a crazy
amount of blood was flowing out of her body.
g-----What you doing to Yuzuru, Origamiiiiiiiiiiii!!h
Kaguyafs eyes turned bloodshot and she attacked Origami like a devil. Maybe
Origami could not take on the sudden attack; Kaguyafs lance passed through
Origamifs Territoy and damaged a part of her CR-unit.
gKuh-------g
But, that was all. The moment Origami brought her eyebrows closer; Kaguya fell to
the ground after getting crushed by an invisible hand.
gGuhcc.!h
Kaguya did not give up and raised her face but, she fell down without able to do
anything in front of her overwhelming Territory.
gKaguya!h
At this rate, itfs dangerous for Kaguya and Yuzuru. Faster than her words, Tohka
kicked the ground and ran towards Origami.
But, Tohka stopped far away from Origami.------No, she was forced to stop because
she was blocked by an invisible wall.
It seems Origami expanded her Territory that far. Her body lost its freedom; forget
about stopping Origami, she couldn't even swing her sword.
gKuh, Tobiichi Origami, youcccc!h
Even though she groaned painfully, Origami did not bother about it at all and
returned her sights back to the laser blade after preparing it again.
g-----It was long. I've finally obtained it. The power to defeat Spirits.----The power
to grant my dear wishh
After mumbling to herself, Origami made a long thin sigh.
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
123 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
It was as if she released all the last cloudy hesitation and doubt in her as a sigh.
gI will regain myself with this attack. I will defeat all the spirits in this world. Never
more-----will people like me occur in this world againh
She sharpened her sights after telling that to herself, and poured strength into the
hand holding the laser blade.
gTobiichi Origamicccc!h
Tohka shook her throat and called Origami. But, the Territory restraining Tohkafs
body did not loosen even by a little.
However, Tohka did not give up. Tohka was the only one here that could fight
Origami. The moment Tohka lowers her sword, Kaguya, Yuzuru and Miku will
definitely get killed.
The current Origami will definitely do it. And------once she achieved that, there was
no mistake she will turn into a monster.
Tohka didn't know why. But, Tohka did not want that to happen.
gU----A-aaaaaahhhhhh!h
Tohka shouted and used all her power to escape the Territoryfs binding.
However----it was not enough. The strong Territory which could not even be
compared to what the previous Origami had, did not let loosen even by a little.
Itfs useless if she stays like that. She canft save in this situation.
---She needed power. A bigger power.
gcccch
The moment Tohka felt that, a strong chill attacked Tohka.
She knew this feeling. A few months ago------in the DEM Japan branch, this
disgusting feeling was quite close to what she felt back then when Shidou was
almost close to getting killed by Ellen.
Something that does not belong to her appeared inside her and it felt as if she was
getting grabbed by a hand. Her consciousness turned thin and instead, a scary
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
124 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
feeling of her mind getting filled with some kind of unknown black thing was
attacking her.
Tohka clenched her teeth. She had no idea what this feeling was. But, she could
guess what it was by instinct.-----That power wonft save anyone.
Tohka had to remain as herself.
In order to save Kaguya.
In order to save Yuzuru.
In order to let Miku live.
And also---for that girl.
She was arrogant, violent, no sense of courtesy, foul-mouth, Tohka had no clue
what she thinks about and she always disturbed Tohka; In order to grab the hands of
the high-minded girl that Tohka really hates.
Tohka had to remain as herself and swing her sword.
gShidou-----Lend me strengthccc..!h
Tohka shouted Shidoufs name and grabbed on the Angel <Sandalphon>fs hilt before
pouring strength into the hand holding it.
g------Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!h
She imagined something flicking in her mind. Tohka felt a somewhat warm feeling
flow into her body.
gcc..!?h
While holding Yamai Yuzurufs neck, Origami was close to stabbing Yuzurufs body
but she frowned her eyebrows from the sudden light born in front of her.
The moment she thought Yatogami Tohka who she was stopping with her Territory
shouted, Tohkafs body started giving off a blinding light.
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
125 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
The weird situation did not end at there. Tohkafs feeling disappeared from the
Territory she used to stop Tohka.
No-----it was different. Origami sharpened her sight. Itfs not like Tohka
disappeared. A part of the Territory wrapping Tohka was erased as if a hole was
opened in it.
g-----!!h
Next moment, Origami felt a strong hostility directed towards her and let go of the
hand grabbing Yuzurufz neck before jumping behind. The moment she did that, the
space Origami was at, a pale glowing sword left a light path while passing through.
gWhacc..h
The same time Origami opened her eyes in confusion, Yuzurufs body was released
by her Territory and was falling to the ground but someone supported her body.
The light was settling down and that personfs appearance could be seen.
Origami gasped in reflex when she saw the girl that appeared there.
Her night colored hair was being played around by the wind. She had crystal eyes
silently staring at Origami. In her hands, she was holding a great sword emitting
light.-----Yes. It was Yatogami Tohka.
But, the difference was the thing she was wearing now.
On her shoulders, breast, and hips-----all those body parts had bluish purple armor
on them and she had a skirt emitting a pale glow. The absolute majestic appearance
that was able to overpower anyone that sees it was completely different from the one
Tohka had just now.
---Astral Dress. The absolute strongest armor and castle that signifies a Spirit.
It was not the limit form that the girls were wearing until now, Origami gulped at
that perfect and flawless appearance.
The last time she saw [That] was probably half a year ago.
Before Yatogami Tohka transferred to school; it was the opponent that tried to kill
Origami at the high-ground park.
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
126 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
---The sword spirit <Princess> was there.
gThat appearancecc.h
After Origami sharpened her expression and mumbled that, Tohka let Yuzuru sleep
beside Kaguya before calmly raising her face.
gTobiichi Origami. I hate you. Now, before and it will not change.------but, the
[Hate] I have now is most likely different from the old [hate] I had. So------g
gI will come with the intentions to you-----Donft die, Origamih
Tohka said that with a quiet----but however freezing tone.
gcccuhh
Just by hearing those words, Origami felt an illusion as if her heart got shot.
She had an overwhelming intimidating air around her. Pressure bringing forth
despair. A sword pressure that gave her a feeling that her head might get sliced off if
she relaxes even by a little attacked Origamifs whole body.
gcccc.h
However, Origami did not back down.-----No, rather, this Tohka was what Origami
was waiting for instead.
It was the strongest Spirit that cut down Origami with one attack. Origami felt that
she couldn't advance forward until she was finally able to bring down the perfect
<Princess>.
gHaaaccc!h
Along with letting out a strong shout, she concentrated her Territory to her body
and equipment to increase its strength. It was impossible to bind Tohkafs movement
now even if she increases the deployment radius. Since that was the case, rather than
Kill
destroy
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
127 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
fruitlessly wasting her Maryoku, itfs smarter to strengthen her defense.
She swung her laser blade and that light blade headed towards Tohka. After Tohka
slightly twitched her eyebrows, she used <Sandalphon> to block the attack.
But, that was what Origami was aiming for. Origami gave a command in her mind
and a part of the laser blade separated.
The DEM created CR-unit <Modred>fs main weapon <Clarent> was a weapon that
was able to transform into 2 forms, the Maryoku cannon <Clarent Cannon> and
Laser blade <Clarent Sword> when she converts its main body within her Territory.
However it was only converted to suitably match its respective performance and it
was not like it loses its other ability after changing its form.
Although a great amount of generated Maryoku was needed to operate a denser
Territory, it was possible to perform a cannon attack while maintaining the
<Sword> form depending on the way she does it.
A splash of Maryoku light was shot upwards from the laser bladefs muzzle while it
was locking onto <Sandalphon> and it scattered mid-air before attacking Tohka like
rain.
Of course, as it was a cannon attack while clashing with Tohka, the power was not
that high. It was probably a pea shot that could easily be warded off by an attack with
<Sandalphon> under normal circumstances.
But currently, that <Sandalphon> was currently being suppressed by Origami. If she
recklessly tries to ward off that attack then she might get slashed by Origami
instead. No matter what she picked, Tohka could not escape without suffering any
damage.
---That was supposed to happen.
gHaaa!h
However, while still clashing with Origami, Tohka kicked the ground and used her
overwhelming power to push Origami back and forcefully escaped the cannonfs
impact range.
gKuh------g
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
128 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
She frowned her eyebrows and groaned. Like she thought, Tohkafs Reiryoku and
arm strength was in a completely different class than before. She canft win in a
simple showdown of power. Origami changed the angle of her laser blade and
deflected Tohkafs sword away before performing a combo with a speed that could
not be seen.
Tohka was attacked several times with sword strikes that were able to annihilate a
normal personfs body with one hit. But Tohka was able to grasp her sword
movements and accurately block them all.
g----Taaa!h
Tohka thrust <Sandalphon> into the gap found in the combo as if she was sliding it
in.
gKuhccc.h
However, Origami saw that attack and blocked it as well.
Slam, slash upwards, thrust, mow, block and brandish downwards.
The storm of clashing swords was sweeping both sides.
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
129 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
130 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
---She can do this. Origami clenched <Clarent> harder.
Their abilities are equal. Origami was not the same as the time when she was slashed
by Tohka without able to do anything.
The current Origami is able to fight a Spirit in its perfect state.
Human knowledge works on the disaster killing this world.
That was the wish Origami has been yearning and wishing for.
Origami was not wrong. The training Origami accumulated until now was not a
waste.
---CR-unit <Mordred>. As long as she owns that, Origami is able to defeat
Yatogami Tohka, the Yamai sisters, Izayoi Miku and the Spirit that killed Origamifs
parents 5 years ago.
Yes.------the Spirit from 5 years ago. As a condition for joining DEM, Origami
gained information of that spirit's existence from Ellen Mathers.
The specific appearance and its ability was unknown. For information, it was only
worth that much.
But, itfs true that there was another Spirit other than <Efreet> Itsuka Kotori in the
city. Confirming that fact itself was really worth looking into DEMfs intelligence.
The current Origami can achieve it. She can cut off that Spirits head if she finds her
but-----
gEhcc.?h
But, a violent headache struck Origami.
For a moment, Origami thought she mishandled Tohkafs attack and got slashed on
her head but-----it was wrong. This pain was clearly from inside her head.
Next, her consciousness paused as if it got turned off and her sights were covered
with red.
gAh----g
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
131 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
gHaaa!h
Tohka did not let that chance go. Tohka performed a side sweep with <Sandalphon>
to Origamifs free torso.
That absolute tyrant attack holds the power to destroy everything. Just like leaves
being played by the wind, Origami was easily blown backwards in a straight line.
The debris broken into several fragments from that momentum, she slamed through
the building and reached a distance where she could not see Tohka anymore-----she
rolled 2 or 3 times on the ground before finally lying down on the ground facing
upwards.
gKuhahcch
She managed to avoid a life-threatening wound by strengthening the Territory but,
the damage to her whole body was serious.
No. The serious matter was not the external injuries. Origami wiped her face with
hands and clenched her teeth after seeing the red blood that was sticking on her face.
Blood was coming out from her nose and eyes. This was not the first time she had
these symptoms. These symptoms were seen happening when she had recklessly use
the annihilation weapon <White Licorice> to its activation limit.
gGuhcc..h
Before she noticed it, it seems she abused her brain too much in order to fight back
Tohka who got back her complete strength. Origami clenched her teeth in regret,
and punched the ground while facing upwards.
---What equal. What about I can fight with the Spirit. In the end, all Origami has
done was erasing her life while somehow managing Tohkafs power.
gIccc.h
Origami extended her trembling hands to the heavens. It was as if-------she was a
devout believer relying on God.
Of course, Origami did not believe in the existence of God. Ever since the day her
parents got killed in front of her 5 years ago, the word God disappeared from
Origamifs head.
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
132 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
But maybe.
If devils and God really does exist in this world then, Origami would definitely
offer any sacrifice with those hands. Even if it was a contract to give her heart away
once she achieves her goal.
She knows it was very unlike herself to think this. Something like entrusting her
wish to something that does not exist was nothing more than pure stupidity. Only she
can save herself. If she had time to pray, she would rather use it to train. If she had
time to wish, she would rather use it to form strategies. And that resulted in the
Wizard known as Tobiichi Origami.
But-----Origami had nothing left.
Blood-puking training, sleepless nights for research, the latest equipmentfs
burdening her body and fighting beside deaths door. All of the ideas Origami could
think of was joined together.
And this was the result.
The power she gained by sacrificing everything does not work on Spirits.
This cruel reality was what awaited Origami after such long battles.
gI------g
The thought of giving up suddenly passed through Origamifs mind.
After Origami weakly sigh, she powerlessly lowered her hand that was holding up
to the heavens.
---But at that moment.
g-----Hey, you. Do you want power?h
Origami could hear a voice which didn't sound like it was from a man or woman.
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
133 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
gEh--?h
She opened her eyes wide at the sudden voice and raised her body while groaning.
After she did that, she found an unknown [Something] standing there.
That [Something] had no other way to describe it so it was called something. Even
though she knows it was existing there and yet she was unable to see its real image.
Its existence could be called rough but, she felt a hallucination as if there was a
noise-like censor blocking its whole body.
gWhatcare you?h
Origami used [What] instead of [Who] in reflex. That [Something] might have
guessed what she meant and *kusu**kusu* giggled as if it was funny.
gItfs not important now regarding what I am. More importantly, what is your
answer? Donft you want power? Donft you want an absolute power that wonft lose
to anyone?h
gcccc..uhh
Origami gasped and brought her eyebrows closer.
For a moment, Origami suspected she gone crazy from the damage she got by using
the Realizer. This was clearly a weird situation. It was probably insane to put up with
this.
But, the answer for that question was already decided. Origami moved her lips in
her half-conscious state.
gOf course-----I want thath
Origami said those words as if she were vomiting them.
gIcc.want power. Even if I have to leave everything. Even if I have to sacrifice
everythingc..! I want the absolute power to grant my dear wish! I wantcc.The
strongest power that no one can reach!h
gI seeh
That [Something] made a short answer.
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
134 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
She wondered why. Even though she could not see its expression-------she felt the
[Something] made a smile for an instant.
g-----Then let me grant you that. The power you wish forh
After saying that, that [Something] held out something towards Origami.
It was a gem giving off a white glow. Origamifs eyes were snatched away for an
instant when she saw that magical glow.
gThis isccc.h
gBring out your hand if you want powerh
gccccch
Even though Origami was frowning her eyebrows in suspicion, she slowly extended
her handscc.and touched that gem.
That instant.
gWhacccch
The gem gave off a strong glow and floated up to the sky before------getting sucked
into Origamifs chest.
gWhat iscc..h
Although Origami was looking down at her chest and mumbled that, the gem was
no longer there.
gWhat was that-----g
She lifted her face to ask a question but Origami stopped her words. That
[Something] suddenly disappeared without a trace.
gccccc.h
Like she suspected, the reason she had that imagination was probably because she
was brought to her limits. Origami reached that conclusion and placed her hands on
her forehead.
However at that moment.
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
135 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
gAhcc.?h
*Dokun* her heartbeat made a huge beat and Origami brought her eyebrows closer.
She felt as if another heart had formed inside her body and felt a different hot kind
of blood pumping into her body. Origami unintentionally fell on her knees from
that feeling that she had never felt before.
gA-a-a-aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa-a-aah----g
Inside her hazy consciousness.
Origami felt like she was turning into another existence.
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
136 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
137 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 3
gcccc! Whatfs happening!?h
AST captain-Kusakabe Ryouko shook her throat when she suddenly heard the alarm
echoing in the JGSDF Tenguu Garrison.
Normally, the AST would be training now but------she was currently heading to the
control room because there was a certain matter today.
After hearing Ryoukofs voice, the officer manipulated the console and *Hii*
gasped.
gThi-this----is one heck of a Reiha reading!h
gReiha readingccc..I-is this from DEM too!?h
Ryouko frowns her eyebrows in detest.
Yes. Actually in regards to Reiha readings, several of them were detected just now.
<Berserk>, <Diva>, and also-----<Princess>.
Especially the readings <Princess> gave off suddenly increased and were showing
the readings similar to the time they fought with her last time.
While they are an organization with the goal to defeat the spirits, the reason why
Ryouko and the other AST members were not at the spot even though those
monsters appeared in the city was really simple.----Itfs because of DEM industries.
That company was commencing a special practice so they used their influence on
the Minister of Defense so that AST would not meddle in their affairs.
Because of that, the group could only glare at the radar in the control room even
though they knew Spirits have appeared in the city.
And thus, the officer looking at the values on the screen gulped in a frightened
manner.
gN-no it isntcc! This-----This is a reading not included inside the notice DEM
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
138 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
provided beforehandh
gWhat did you say!?h
Ryouko shouted when she heard the officer fs words and peeked at the screen after
placing her hands on the officer fs shoulders.
Itfs true that another Reiha different from the existing Spirits has been detected.
Whatfs more, the readings were so big that it would not lose to <Princess> in her
full power.
gSo that means another Spirit appeared in the practice!? Since a Space quake did not
occur that would mean that this is a silent appearancecc.!?h
Ryouko made a stern expression. She was told to stand down but, the situations call
for her to report this emergency as soon as possible. She could not even imagine
what the damages would be, if this Spirit starts fighting with <Princess>.
gCaptain!h
At that moment, the door of the control room was swung opened and 2 small girls
entered the room. They were AST member Okamine Mikie and maintenance
mechanic Mildred F Fujimura. Mikie was already in her wiring suit.
gEveryone in AST is ready!h
gThe CR-unit is ready too. It can go in full performance anytimeh
gMikiecccMilyccc.h
Ryouko called their names and made a small sigh.
There was no way they could react that fast at the Reiha that just appeared. Most
likely, they were already ready for sortie from just now.-----all of them probably
had the same feelings as Ryouko.
Mikie felt shaken and said she would quit AST too when Origami was given her
disciplinary punishment, but now, she was doing her duties splendidly. She was
cheering herself up by telling herself not to show her pathetic self to Origami when
she comes back someday. Ryouko relaxed her mouth after seeing her subordinatefs
growth.
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
139 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
And at the same time with that, the officer raised her voice.
g-----! Captain, a message from HQ!h
gYes, this is good timingh
Itfs probably a sortie order. Ryouko anticipated that and took out an emergency
equipment device from her pocket.
But,
gUh, eh, AST continue standing bycc..thatfs about ith
Ryouko, Mikie and Mily opened their eyes wide when they heard the officer.
gW-whatfs going on. A spirit appeared in the city you know!?h
gE-even if you tell me thatccc..h
The officer made a troubled face. Well, thatfs normal. She just told the orders that
were given by the higher-ups.
gGuhcccc..h
After Ryouko clenched her teeth in anger, she clenched her fist and *Gan*! She
punched the wall.
gWhat is the AST for if we canft move in this emergencyccc.! Are those bigheads
in HQ that afraid of DEMcc.!?h
For a moment, Origamifs face passed through her mind.
She might have been a problematic member but-------she will never go against her
beliefs. Origami will definitely ignore the stand-by order and head out without any
hesitation.
But. If Ryouko does that, the higher-ups would gladly replace her captain status. ----
and most likely, she would be replaced by a Wizard influenced by DEM to make
things easier to control. That was something she had to avoid no matter what.
gCa-captainch
Mikie made a worried face.
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
140 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
Ryoku looked in pain for a few instant before,
gccccEveryone, stay on stand-bycc.cheh
She said that as if she was vomiting.
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
141 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
142 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 4
gAre you okay, Kaguya, Yuzuru!h
After blowing Origami away with <Sandalphon>, Tohka ran towards the Yamai
sisters lying on the ground.
Tohka could have choose to pursue Origami but, she decided not to do so. It was not
her goal to kill Origami in the first place anyway----and more importantly, her
priorities now were to confirm Kaguya and Yuzurufs safety now.
As to respond to Tohkafs voice, Kaguya raised her unsteady body and Yuzuru
waved to her powerlessly. Their wounds are not light but, at least they are still
conscious. Tohka made a relieved sigh.
gTohkac..your appearanceh
Kaguya withstood the pain and groaned a little before looking over to Tohka and
taking a good look at her armor.
Tohka tilted her head for a moment but, she immediately noticed the reason. Tohka
was currently wearing her completed Astral dress that she had manifested.
gUmu, my powers came back when I thought of saving everyoneh
After Tohka said that, Kaguya took a good look at Tohkafs Astral dress again and
*Puu* pouted her lips.
gccc..Damn it, thatfs so cool. Whatfs with that heroic sudden power up. Donft
stand out more than your masters when you are my kinsman. Teach me how to do it
laterh
gMucccumuh
Tohka nodded to Kaguyafs words in reflex butcccshe could not explain properly
on how she did it if she was asked to. Even Tohka had no clue on why the Reiryoku
which was supposed to be sealed by Shidou had returned to her.
gccc.*cough*, *cough*h
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
143 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
Yuzuru later raised her body and coughed painfully for several times.
gccccQues-tion. Tohka, where is Master Origamicc.?h
After saying that, she looked over to Tohka. Tohka nodded to respond to her.
gI slammed my sword at her with all my strength. She might not be able to fight for
a while but, she wonft die. Itfs true that there is that so-called Teriyaki surrounding
her bodyh
After Tohka stabbed <Sandalphon> while saying that, Kaguya and Yuzuru
symmetrically tilted their hands to left and right.
gc..Teriyaki?h
gCorrectioncc..is it Territory?h
Yuzuru said that. Now that Tohka thinks about it, it might be called thath
gYeah, that so-called Territory[10d 1]h
ghccccchh
She should be right this time but, for some reason the Yamai sisters were tilting
their head in doubt.
But, she had no time to bother about that now. Tohka released her sights from the
Yamai sisters and looked behind.
Miku was lying down senseless on the messed up road.
gMiku!h
She did not respond even though she was called. It seems she was still unconscious.
Tohka ran to Miku and crouched down to peek at her face.
However, what she saw was Miku sleeping peacefully which was the opposite from
her expectations. *Suu**suu* she was breathing and would sometimes
*Munya**munya* sleep talk. Tohka made a relieved sigh.
gKukucccc..you should thank her when she wakes up, Tohka. She was the one
who used her body as a shield to protect you when you faintedh
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
144 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
gConsent. She was amazing. Her legs were trembling from the start to the end
thoughh
Kaguya and Yuzuru were supporting each other and approached Miku by following
Tohka.
gUmuccc.Is that so. You saved me, Mikuh
After Tohka said that, voices started to appear again.
g---------yes yes, thatfs why we have to wake her up quickh
gMu? What should I do?h
gKuku, itfs obvious. Itfs already determined that you must perform a passionate kiss
to wake a sleeping princessh
gKi-kiss you say!?h
gAgree. Thatfs correct. Okay then, please give it your all. Kiss, kissh
gMu-muucccch
She mightccchave no choice. Tohka gulped.
gWait a second! I never said that!h
gAgree. Yuzuru tooh
gW-wha?h
Kaguya and Yuzuru told her that and Tohka brought her eyebrows closer. Now that
she thinks about it, the voice echoing was a little different from the both of them.
Then why-----
Tohka then lowered her sights and found Miku slightly opening her eyes while
*Nya**nya* smiling broadly.
gAh Miku! You are awake arenft you!?h
gPufufuu! Ahhn, I was found out?h
After Tohka pointed her finger and shouted, Miku started laughing because she
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
145 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
couldnft bear it anymore.
gMouu, please donft say anything unnecessary Kaguya-san, Yuzuru-saaaan. A little
more and I might have enjoyed myself with Tohka-sanfs pretty lipsh
gThatfs not very nice and what are you saying! Your crimes for using our voices are
heavy, Miku! Know that your sins wonft clear up even if you fall to purgatory!h
gResent. *Angry*h
Kaguya and Yuzuru made stern faces. After they did that, Miku raised her body and
touched both of their legs as if to act flirtatiously.
gSorry. I donft have such intentions. Please forgive me. I will compensate for this
with my bodyccc.h
After saying that, Miku licked her lips. In that instant, the Yamai sister fs face turned
pale and backed off to run away from Miku.
gAhhn, why are you running away. Wait for meh
gS-shut up! Donft get closer pervert!h
gRun away. *Cross fingers to form an X*h
Miku chased after them and both of them ran away while staggering. It was such a
peaceful scene that the death match just now was like a lie.
When Tohka saw the three of them being lively, she made a sighed in ease before
clapping her hands to stop the girls in their game of tag.
gAnyways, everyonefs injuries arenft light. Letfs get fixed up in <Fraxinus>. Can
someone contact Kotori?h
After saying that, three of them stopped their game of tag and looked at Tohkafs
direction.
gKukuccletfs do that. Well, these injuries are nothing to me but, we have Miku and
Yuzuruh
gTease. *Poke* *poke*h
gAkyaaa!?h
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
146 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
After Yuzuru poked Kaguyafs stomach, Kaguya shouted with tears on her eyes. As
expected, what hurts will hurt.
gW-what was that for!h
gSneer. Nothing to me (Stiff)g
gAah, I want to try that too! *poke**poke*!h
gWaicc.Stop it!h
After saying that, the three of them started causing trouble again. Tohka *Haa*
sighed.
gAnyway, please do it. The three of you head to <Fraxinus> firsth
Miku moved her eyebrows in wonder after hearing Tohkafs words.
gFirstcc.wait, Tohka-san what are you going to do?h
gMu. I am going to bring Tobiichi Origami. She most likely canft move by herself. -
-----I still havenft heard any answers from her mouthh
After Tohka said that, the three of them *fuu* exhaled before nodding.
gFuunccc..Well it canft be helped if Tohka says that. Of course, no matter what
reason she might have, I will have her pay for thish
gConsent. Itfs going to be a ticklish sentence. I will break Master Origamifs metal
maskh
gAh, can we separate the payment? I have a lot of things in my mind I want to
doccch
Miku said that with glittering eyes. Kaguya and Yuzuru had sweat flowing their
cheeks.
After Tohka gained everyonefs approval, she looked towards the direction she sent
Origami flying to just now. Since Tohka was quite pissed, she might have put too
much strength into the hit. She could not see her from there-----
gcc..Mu?h
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
147 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
Thus. Tohka twitched her eyebrows.
Further up her view. She saw someone at the sky covered with ash grey clouds.
g? Whatfs wrong, Tohkah
gNocc..h
Being asked by Kaguya, Tohka was in loss on how to answer before rubbing her
eyes.
She thought it was a mistake but----she was wrong.
A ray of light shined through the gloomy space and inside that light, a girl was
floating in it.
The first thing that entered her eyes was her clothes.
However that was only natural. Her body was covered with a dress emphasizing on
her body line. She had a skirt like a flower in full bloom. And also, there was a
floating ring around her head with veils extending out from it. -----all of it was
made by eye-opening pure white.
That appearance looked like a wedding dress only permitted to be worn by a pure
maiden-----or, an Angel descending from the darkness.
gcc..uh, thatfs-----g
However, the reason why Tohka gasped was not because her eyes were stolen by
those factors.
The same time when that white silhouette was getting closer, the girls face could be
seen.
---That was Tobiichi Origamifs face.
gOrigamicc?h
gConfirm. As expected, Kaguya sees it too huhh
gThatfs trueccah-re, but that appearancecc..h
Kaguya, Yuzuru and Miku noticed that too. They were raising their eyebrows while
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
148 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
saying that.
But, their words were immediately interrupted.
The reason was simple. The moment Origami looked over to them------they got
attacked by a chill as if countless needles pierced into their body.
ghhcccccuhhhh
Kaguya and the others were opening their eyes wide while standing still blankly.
After Tohka clenched her teeth, she then stood in front the three of them to separate
Origami from them and prepared <Sandalphon>.
gTo-Tohkacc!h
g----Run. I canft fight while protecting youh
Tohka did not look away from Origami even for a moment and said that with the
three of them behind her. Sweat was flowing down from her forehead and it flown
down her cheeks before dripping off.
Kaguya and the others did not resist. They did not say they wanted to fight too. It
took them only an instant to understand that they canft be any help since they canft
use their full Reiryoku. No--------forget providing help, they might even end up
being hindrance for Tohka.
It was that much.
The thing that currently appeared in front of the girls has overwhelming power.
She knew that by instinct, she didnft need to exchange swords or have a
conversation.
---That. That was something she had to confront.
gTohka, sorrycc!h
gPraycc.best of luckh
gAh, wait both of youc.ukyaa!h
After Kaguya and Yuzuru carried Miku by both her shoulders, they then covered
themselves with wind and ran to the sky with tremendous speed.
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
149 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
gccccc.h
Origami did not show interest to them and continued staring at Tohkafs direction
while slowly approaching her as if she was sliding down from the sky.
She then looked down at Tohka and slightly opened her mouth.
gYatogamiccccTohka. -----to defeat her. Ih
gcc..Origami, youh
After Tohka sharpened her sights, Origami calmly raised her right hand to the sky.
She then called it.
The name Origami was supposed to not know----the name of the angel.
g----<Metatron>h
As if to respond to Origamifs words, several rays of lights came pouring down
from the sky which has lost its sun and surrounded Origami. All of those light then
materialized and each one of them looked like long slender wings.
The same time she clenched the hand raised to the sky, all those wings spread out in
a circle.
Yes. It was as if------Origami was getting crowned.
gKuhcccc.h
Tohka frowned her face.
Astral dress andccc..Angel. There was no mistake.
She continued looking up and shouted.
gcccc..Origami. Why-----why are you a Spirith
Yes.
Tohka had no idea what happened when she was helping the other girls.
But she can be certain of one thing-----The current Origami was a Spirit.
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
150 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
gSpi-ritcc..h
After Origami recited the words Tohka said, she distorted her eyes listlessly and
looked down to her hands and body.
gI seecc..itfs just like I thoughth
After Origami closed her eyes, she told herself that.
gThen-----I donft mindh
She then opened her eyes and pointed her sights to Tohka like a sword.
gI will now wield this power to defeat the Spirits. I will become the spirit that kills
spirits. Once I eliminate all Spirits----I will erase the last one, meh
Origami spread both her hands out. As if to match that action, the tip of the crown
above her head expanded and made a circle that looks like the sun.
g<Metatron>----->---[ ]!!h
Origami silently announced that. In an instant, the Angel forming a ring above
Origamifs head started to spin and release light particles around.
gKuh-----g
Tohka spread out her left hand and made a wall around her with Reiryoku. After an
instant, crazy amount of light particles were poured down at her from Origamifs
angel.
It was such a beautiful and extremely destructive rain. Each drop was clusters of
Reiryoku capable of tremendous power and several thousands of it continued
overrunning the ground without pause.
The asphalt road. The thrown away vehicle. The houses lined up. The fair Angel did
not let any of them off the hook. The familiar city scenery was easily destroyed like
paper touched by rain.
Shemesh
Sun
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
151 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
152 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
gGuhccc.h
Tohka somehow managed to block that attack with the shield concentrated with
Reiryoku but, this will not go well if this goes on. After Tohka poured in strength
into the right hand holding <Sandalphon>, she cut the interior of the wall with full
knowledge that she would take few hits.
gHaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!h
Together with a powerful shout, the angel <Sandalphon> released a sword slash
which extended out as if it was tracing her sword skills.
gcccc..uhh
After Origami slightly twitched her eyebrows, she pointed her other hand
downward. When she did that, the ring releasing light particles separated and made a
shield in front of Origami to fend off Tohkafs slash.
At that moment, the light particles were interrupted. Tohka did not let this chance go
and kicked the ground causing her to fly straight up to the sky and closed in to
Origami after slipping through the Angel.
gDeyaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!h
She didnft have the leisure to hold back her strength. Tohka grabbed <Sandalphon>
with both her hands and slashed at Origami with all her might.
But-----There was no feeling.
The moment <Sandalphon> touched Origamifs Astral dress, Origamifs appearance
turned to light and disappeared; she then appeared a few meters back from her
original position.
gWhacc..!h
g-----uhh
Tohka was not the only one opening her eyes in dismay. Even Origami who avoided
the attack was distorting her expression in astonishment. It seems that happening was
also unexpected for Origami too.
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
153 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
After Origami looked at her own hand, she mumbled to herself as if she wants to
vomit.
g----Monsterh
Origami frowned her eyebrows and clenched her fist before using that hand and
pointing it upwards.
g[ ]!h
When she did that, <Metatron> collected itself again and made wings behind
Origami. Origami flapped <Metatron> like wings and ran backwards using only an
instant.
At the same time, several rays of light came from the tip of the wing form
<Metratron> and attacked Tohka.
gWhy youcc..!h
Tohka made a short shout and swung <Sandalphon>. It will be too late if she made a
wall anyways and------intuitively, Tohka sensed that she could not block this attack
with her wall.
She used <Sandalphon> to slash away the approaching light. But, the numbers were
too much. The lights beams she could not manage to handle, pierced into her left
shoulder and right leg.
gGu-ahc.!h
Sharp pain. She didnft need to see it to know that her Astral dress has been broken.
However, Origamifs attack did not lighten. The wings behind Origami spread up,
down, left, and right, after Origami swung her hand from above straight
downwards.
g[Kaddour]!!h
The same time Origami shouted, the separated <Metatron> flied freely around the
sky as if it was equipped with its own will and released beams from all directions. It
looked like she was captured in a cage made by laser grids. Whatfs more, it was a
prison that was able to cause her to cut through her bones and flesh if she touches
the grids.
Malakh
Heavenly Wings
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
154 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
gKuhccc..!h
Tohka swung <Sandalphon> and struck down all the attacks that were continuously
firing from all direction.
However, it was impossible to respond to all of it. Her back, hips and hands. All of
those parts got a direct hit by the destructive beams and Tohkafs armor got
destroyed.
gGuhccc.,u, aah---------g
She was going to get one-sidedly tormented at this rate. Tohka made a painful
expression while glaring at Origami before kicking the sky with all her strength.
Without even needing to block that charge, <Metatron> added more devastating
attacks towards Tohka but, she completely ignored that. Even if she received a direct
hit to her stomach, even if her leg got shot through, Tohka did not look away from
Origami and continued rushing madly at Origami.
gUooooooooooooooooooooooooo!h
She shouted and slashed <Sandalphon> upwards.
gFuu-------!h
However, there was no effect at all. The moment the sword was about to touch
Origami, she turned to light and disappeared resulting in dodging Tohkafs attack.
After an instant,
But----that was within Tohkafs prediction.
After Tohka let go of <Sandalphon>, she continued using that momentum and
twisted her body in mid-air-----
gHaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!h
She used all her strength, and used her bare hands to punch Origamifs face the
moment she reappeared in the air.
g-----Ka,hahc..!?h
Origami spat out painfully and distorted her face. Maybe she might have broken a
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
155 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
tooth; one white fragment flew out from her mouth.
It was a full powered right straight from the Spirit-Tohka. Even if Origami became
a spirit, forget about her head flying off the attack was enough to mash her skull to
pieces.
Maybe she was unable to continuously turn to light; or maybe she could not respond
attacks she could not perceive, she might not know the details but-----anyway, she
managed to give Origami a hit. She clenched her fist tightly and *fuun* snorted.
However, it was impossible to continue her attack there. While Origami was
swinging her head dizzily, she once again turned <Metatron> into wings and back
off from the spot again with high-speed.
gTsk-----g
After Tohka landed to the ground, she raised her right hand to the side. A few
moments later, <Sandalphon> which she threw just now fell down from the sky and
beautifully settled in that hand.
gccccch
From the ground, Tohka looked up at Origami wiping the blood that came from her
mouth.
She gave quite some damage to Origami but, it was clear that Tohkafs wounds were
more serious. If she continued fighting this way then, it was disadvantageous for
Tohka since she had less moves.
Then----There was only one thing Tohka could do.
g<Sandalphon>!h
After Tohka called out the Angelfs name, she kicked the ground with her heel.
That name does not only signify the sword in Tohkafs hands.
The ground then rose as if to respond her call and a giant throne which could easily
surpass Tohkafs height appeared from there.
g-------[Halvenhelev !!h]cccc!h
Last sword
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
156 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
She then called it.
The name of the strongest sword; the true form of Tohkafs angel-<Sandalphon>.
In an instant, several cracks appeared on the throne and it broke into pieces. All of
the fragments then joined together with the sword Tohka was holding and------it
formed a giant blade.
Origamifs strange ability will make her dodge an attack if it was just one hit. But
even so, Origami was not an idiot to fall for the same trick twice.
Kotori and Reine would have probably thought of a better plan. They would analyze
Origamifs ability and take on an effective way to fight her.
However, that was beyond Tohkafs abilities. What she understood was, to grasp the
way by using her sword and fists. What she came up was a very clumsy way to fight
her.
In other words-------She was going to slaughter everything from Origami turning
into light and the direction she dodges to in one go with her ultimate attack.
gccc.Kuh----g
Origami probably sensed that; she reverted <Metatron> to its original crown shape
from its wing form and pointed the tips downwards----towards Tohka.
Tohka could somehow understand the meaning of that. Each of the Angelfs tips had
power enough to destroy her Astral dress. It was a grand attack with all of those
cannons concentrating in one attack.
g------Origami!h
Having sensed that, Tohka looked up to the sky and raised her voice.
gI will ask you one more time! Can we----really not understand each other!?h
gcccc., donft joke with meh
Origami distorted her face grimly while replying back. For some reason, Tohka
could see her as a sobbing young girl.
gMy determination will not change. My mission will not change. I will deny----All
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
157 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
Spirits!h
Tohka took a deep breath when she heard Origamifs words.
gI see. Then I have no choiceh
She slowly swung up. There was black light covering its blade.
g----Itfs time for your scolding. Prepare yourself, you spoiled child!h
gStop spouting----bullshiiiiiiit!h
Origami shouted and raised both her hands forward. When she did that, pure light
started to concentrate on <Metatron> tip.
g<Sandalphon>---[ ]!!h
g<Metatron>----[ ]!!h
Both of their shouts joined together.
The sky was pure white. The ground was giving off a mysterious light.
Both of their destructive moves with all of their Reiryoku were going to be fired
from top and bottom.
But at that moment.
g-----Stoooooooooooooooooooppppppppppp!h
A loud shout echoed into both their ears.
gWhacc..!h
gccccuh!h
Both Tohka and Origami twitched their shoulders and face towards the direction of
Halvenhelev
Last sword
Halvenhelev
Last sword
Artilife
Crown cannon
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
158 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
the voice.
During battle-----something like averting their eyes away from their opponent who
was currently pointing a power enough to kill each other was insane. But, Tohka and
Origami could not ignore only that voice. Thatfs because------
gShidou!h
gShidoucc.!?h
Both of them opened their eyes wide and called that personfs name.
Yes. The person that appeared there was Itsuka Shidou whose whereabouts was
unknown.
gWhat is thiscccwhy must this happen! Tohka----Origamic..!!h
gShidou, why are you here------g
When Shidou frowned his face while making a painful voice, Origami mumbled
that blankly and looked away. It was as if she was reluctant to show her own
appearance to Shidou.
gKuhccc..h
Origami rearranged the crown form <Metatron> into its wing form again before
flying to the sky with tremendous speed.
gOrigami! Origamiiiiiiiiii-------!!h
Shidoufs echoing shout was the only thing left in the sky.
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
159 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
160 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
Chapter 4: Truth
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
161 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
162 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 1
A few minutes after the residential area was turned into ruins. After reaching an
unpopulated high-ground area, Origami finally loosens her speed.
gccccccc.h
When she took a glance backwards, it seems no one was chasing after her. After
Origami silently raised one of her hands, she disassembled the Angel-<Metatron>
fixed from its wing-form and landed on the ground.
Origami slightly frowned her eyebrows while watching <Metatron> turn to separate
parts and into light particles before disappearing into thin air after she released its
bindings.
It was a weird feeling. Origami was naturally using an unnatural existence which she
had no clue existed a few minutes ago, like a weapon she had been using for years.
She felt disgusted too. Ever since the crystal that [Something] gave her was sucked
into her body, she gained the ability to control the Angel based only by her instinct.
That was not all. The moment she was about to dodge Tohkafs attack, Origami felt
her body turning into light for an instant. She turned into something that could no
longer be called human anymore.
gcc..This powerh
After Origami mumbled with a volume inaudible to others, she lowered her sights
to the pure white clothes she was wearing.
It was the strongest and absolute armor a Spirit owns.
Yes. What Origami was wearing was a genuine Astral Dress.
gI am-----a Spiritccch
After Origami spilled those words, she clenched her teeth to hold back the vomit
gradually rising from her stomach.
A tremendous disgust assaulted her after she realized she turned into the existence
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
163 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
she detested, and hated the most.
That was the reason why she ran away from the spot, even though she was in a
conclusive battle with Yatogami Tohka. The moment Shidou appeared at that place,
the disgust she had towards herself started to rise again even after she numbed it in
the fight with Tohka.
---Shidou was the only one she did not want to see her like that. Desiring power no
matter what sacrifice it may be, to that Origami, this was her last spoiled wish and---
--selfishness.
However. She had something she was more concern about than that now.
She didnft need to say it. It was that noise-like [Something] that made Origami into a
Spirit.
gDonft tell me, that wasccc..h
The power to turn humans to Spirits. Even though it was an unbelievable ability,
Origami has heard it before.
It was the mysterious existence Shidou told Origami before.-----A [Something]
turned the originally human Itsuka Kotori into a Spirit.
Yes. [One other Spirit] was in the burning city 5 years ago on that day.
That noise-like [Something] had the same ability.
gccccThatfs <Phantom>cccc..?h
<Phantom>. That was what Shidou told Origami after that, it was the code name of
that unidentified Spirit.
There was no guarantee that the [Something] that appeared in front of Origami was
<Phantom> that appeared in front of Shidou and Kotori. In the first place, humanity
has too little information about the Spirits. Something like a Spirit with the powers
to turn humans into Spirits; she had no idea if that Spirit was the only one existing.
But-----if that [Something] was the Spirit that appeared at the Tenguu Nankou town
then,
gThat was the onecccwho killed mom and dadcc.?h
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
164 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
---Then that unidentified [Something] must be Origamifs target for her parents
revenge.
The moment Origami noticed that possibility, the [Something] had already
disappeared and because of that, she could not ask any question to that [Something].
What Origami should do now was to look for that [Something] to confirm its goal,
identity and alsocc..where was it during that day 5 years ago.
guucccc.h
Just when she thought to that point, the urge to vomit assaulted Origami again and
she frowned her face.
It was not only because she turned into a Spirit. The fact that she was turned into a
Spirit by the existence that might be her parentfs killer became filth wrapping
around Origamifs heart.
However. Origami managed to prevent herself from falling to her knees and
brought her face forward.
Origami did not know why that [Something] gave her Spirit powers. What kind of
goal does it have for doing so and why it had to be Origami of all people. Was it
just going around increasing Spirits, following its whim?
But-----there was one thing she was sure about.
Yes. Right now, Origami was a Spiritcccand she has the power to defeat Spirits.
AST official equipment. Annihilation weapon <White Licorice>. Personal CR-unit
<Mordred>. Origami was currently in a realm that she could not achieve even
though she used all types of equipment.
She had the absolute power strong enough to fight Tohka-<Princess> in her full
power in equal grounds.
Origami has gained the [Power] she wished from deep down her heart, even though
it may have been gained by the worst form.
gIf itfs mecc.nowh
---She is able to kill them. The Spirits.
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
165 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
Not only <Phantom>. Yatogami Tohka. Yoshino. Yamai Kaguya. Yamai Yuzuru.
Izayoi Miku. Natsumi and even that Tokisaki Kurumi-----
gcccccaa--------g
She thought to that point.
Origami suddenly opened her eyes wide.
A certain thought grazed Origamifs mind.
That was one possibility. It was just a dream Origami imagined by whim. There was
no guarantee it would happen. Forget that, the success rate was extremely low.
But-----She clenched her teeth. By gaining the gear of obtaining the Spirits powers,
it has buried the part of that possibility it was missing.
gIfccccthat is possible thencc.h
Origami felt goosebumps all around her body. It was different from the disgust just
now. She felt a feeling similar to excitement as if she was a victim wandering in a
dark cave and found a ray of light shining in between the rocks.
gcccc..h
Origami gulped down before taking a step forward.
---To find a certain person.
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
166 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
167 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 2
gA-are you okay, Tohkacch
gUmu, it's nothingh
When Shidou asked, Tohka with her body covered with fomentation and bandages
nodded. But, that movement might had caused her stomach to hurt because she
brought her eye brows closer and made a small groan.
gUuucc..muh
gLook, donft force yourself. Rest a bith
gcc.umu, Ifll do thath
After saying that, Tohka obediently lied down on the bed.
Right now the group was in the infirmary located on the first floor of Raizen high
school. At first, Shidou wanted to bring Tohka to his house or the Spirit mansion to
treat Tohkafs wounds but, since the area was messed up badly by Origami and
Tohkafs fight, he had no choice but to come here.
After Origami left, they met up with Kaguya, Yuzuru, and Miku; including Tohka,
they were lying on the beds lined up in the room. It seems they fought with Origami
together with Tohka.
Natsumifs abilities were used to cover the wounds causing especially bad bleeding
but, they had to rely on their own stamina in regards to their own bodyfs
regenerative abilities. Everyone was covered with bandages like Tohka and they
looked like mummies. The infirmary right now looks exactly like the kings grave
sealed during ancient times.
Bandages, fomentation and antiseptics were the only medications there. The nurse
teacher was not there so Shidou, Yoshino and Natsumifs were the ones performing
emergency treatment on them. Butcc.they could not ask for any luxury now.
After Origami left, he tried contacting <Fraxinus> to have them heal Tohka who
was covered in wounds but, the line wouldnft connect as expected.
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
168 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
gErrcccare you okay?h
gUhah, you got beat up badly huhh
Yoshino was making a worried face while gently wiping Kaguyafs dirty face with a
wet cloth. Kaguya made a painful face for an instant but, she immediately [Fufuuncc..]
made a face as if nothing was wrong and acted cool. Well, there were
small tears formed on the side of her eyes though.
gSigh. Kaguya is acting toughh
gS-shut up! I am completely okay!h
When she was told that by Yuzuru, Kaguya replied back in reflex. It was painful as
expected. She exaggeratedly distorted her face before lying back down on the bed.
gHahacccch
Well, it was a relief knowing that she had the energy to act stubborn. Shidou made a
wry smile.
ccc.Incidentally, just now in order to cover everyonefs wounds, Natsumi who
squeezed out her spirit powers half-forcefully was currently hugging her knees at
the corner of the infirmary mumbling something. Somehow, he felt the atmosphere
there had gone darker. It seems she had to feel extremely bad to perform emergency
treatment on everyone.
gOuch ouchcc..h
Miku who was sleeping on the bed beside the wall made a soft voice while raising
her upper body.
gWhatfs wrong Miku. Donft force yourselfh
After Shidou walked closer, Miku swung her hands to stop Shidou.
gIt's okay-. ---More importantly, I have to get to work while I still have my
Reiryokucch
gWork?h
When Shidou tilted his head, Miku made an exaggerated nod and clapped her hands
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
169 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
twice as if she was using castanets.
g<Gabriel>-----[Requiem]h
And as if to respond to that, several silver pipes appeared around Miku. It was a part
of Mikufs angel <Gabriel>.
After everyone opened their eyes wide in surprise, Miku made a smile and took a
bow.
gLadies and gentleman. Welcome to the live limited to only to this evening. Izayoi
Miku on stage!h
After Miku said that, she took a deep breath and her beautiful voice echoed in the
room. As if to resonance with that, <Gabriel> squirmed and increased its volume.
When she did that.
gMucthis ish
gHouucccch
gWonder. The pain got lighterh
Tohka and the Yamai sisters opened their eyes wide in surprise and looked down at
their body. Looking at that state, Miku made a small smile.
gAhahaccc..itfs a pain-killer [Song]. It has no healing effects so itfs just for
relaxation.h
gNo, itfs a great help. Itfs muchccbetter nowh
Tohka *Fuu* exhaled and relaxed her body. Shidou made a relieved sigh for now.
But, they were currently in a situation where they can't be optimistic. <Fraxinus>
still cannot be contacted and, DEMfs secret movements. Also-----
gccc..Hey, tell me please everyone. What happened to her----Origami?h
Shidou somehow managed to control his nervous trembling voice while asking
Tohka, the Yamai sisters and Miku.
Yes. When Shidou ran to the battle field, it was not a Wizard in DEMfs CR-unit but
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
170 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
rather----it was a Spirit wearing a pure white Astral dress with an Angel in its hands,
opposing Tohka preparing the giant [Halvanhelev].
He was shocked when he saw Tohka swinging powers which should be sealed. But,
Shidoufs head was in extreme chaos ever since he saw the unexpected girl floating
in the sky.
Origami was originally human. Which means------today, whatfs more during the
battle with Tohka, Origami [Turned] into a Spirit. That was the only conclusion he
could come up with.
It was really ridiculous and unbelievable. But, Shidou could not take it as a joke and
laugh it off. Thatfs because he actually saw Origami turned into Spirit.
Nocc..more precisely, that was not all.
Shidou had an idea on the Spirit that can [Turn humans into Spirits].
---<Phantom>.
5 years ago, it appeared in front of Shidou and Kotori to turn Kotori into the Spirit-
<Efreet>.
Having no idea what goal it has, it was the existence that hidden Shidou and Kotorifs
memories of itself from them.
And also-----it might be the existence that killed Origamifs parents.
Then, the girls might have seen its appearance since they were fighting Origami.
Shidou gulped down while looking at the 4 of them in order.
However.
gNoccccc.I donft know the details. I sent her flying once butcccshe
became like that when she came backh
Tohka said it with a difficult face. Kaguya and Yuzuru nodded with the same
expression.
gFuun, even I was surprised. Kuhccc..That flashy entrance. I wonder if I can use
it as referencecc, but white donft match me at allh
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
171 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
gConsent. She was very overwhelming. If Tohka didnft have her full Reiryoku then,
all of us might have died thereh
She said that before groaning.
However, Miku was the only within them that placed her fingers on her chin as if
she had something in mind.
gccc..uuun, I did not see it butccccmaybe, Origami-san met up with God
tooh
Now that he thinks back, Miku who was human, also had a history of being turned
into a Spirit just like Kotori by the Spirit thought to be <Phantom>. It was only
natural to think of its existence after seeing Origamifs sudden transformation.
gccc.Maybeh
After Shidou replied that with a soft voice, he started thinking in silence.
He had no idea what happened to Origami. Butcccccit was a fact that Origami
turned into the Spirit she detested so much.
Shidou recalled Origamifs expression when she ran off to the sky after seeing him.
The face of the girl who hates the Spirits more than anyone else.
Just what kind of emotion was swirling in Origamifs heart now that she has that selfcontradiction.
At the very least------there was no doubt that she was feeling
tremendous agony and torment that Shidou canft even begin to imagine. Shidou was
feeling shaken in his heart.
gOrigamicccwhat is she going to do from now onh
Shidou mumbled that to himself, and Tohka raised her voice when she recalled
something.
gNow that I think about itcccc.She said this. She would use the powers of the
Spirit to kill the Spirits. And for lastccc.She would kill even herself tooh
gccccc.uhh
Shidou was terrified when he heard those words.
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
172 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
No, more specifically, that was within his expectations.-----it was thinkable, as the
worst ending.
gOrigamiccc..h
Shidou had to find Origamifs whereabouts as fast as possible. Impatience was
making his heart pump hard.
But forget chasing after Origami, Shidou currently had no means to even find her
whereabouts.
If itfs <Fraxinus> they will be able to chase after Origami with the automated
camera or observation device butcccc..there was no way to confirm that since
he canft contact them in the first place.
gKuhccch
Shidou clenched his teeth in regret. He could not take action just because he was
unable to contact <Fraxinus>.
He realizes again on how much reliant he was to Kotori and Riene. But, he canft
afford to do nothing. Shidou made a thick sigh after he summarized in his mind the
things that needed to be done.
gccc.Anyway, we have to do something about everyonefs injuries first. The
alarm will stop soon so letfs head to the hospital after that. Itfs better to have you all
examined than this emergency treatmenth
He had to do something about Origami but, that was his first priority.
But at that moment, Shidou noticed a certain problem.
gAhccch
While letting off a soft voice, he looked over to Tohka.
Now that he thinks about it, Tohka has completely manifested her Astral Dress when
Shidou got there. Which means-----different from the 3 of them in limit Astral
dress, the Reiryoku Shidou sealed has completely returned to Tohka.
Shidou recalled the memories when Kotori had her Reiryoku completely back
flowed into her from Shidou.
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
173 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
Yes. Kotori said this during that time. The Reiryoku back flowed in a limit form will
return back to Shidou as time passes but------the Reiryoku completely back flowed
will stabilize and will need to be re-sealed again.
Which means, Tohka currently possess her full power as a Spirit.
If this goes on, Tohkafs Reiha will be picked up by AST and the alarm might ring
again. In order to avoid that he had to re-seal her as fast as possible.
gUuccc.h
However. Sweat was flowing down Shidoufs cheek.
Re-seal. The meaning of that was of course-----to kiss the target.
Whatfs more, everyone was injured now. Itfs a problem to bring Tohka out or get
everyone out from the infirmary.
gMu? Whatfs wrong, Shidouh
Tohka tilted her head in wonder. Even though Shidoufs heart skip a beat but, he
swung his hands to play it off.
gAh, noccc.h
At that moment, a certain something flew into Shidoufs view.
On the roomfs ceiling there were rails surrounding the bed and white curtains were
dangling downwards.
Yes. This was the school infirmary. It was normal to have a curtain separating the
beds.
gC-can I have a moment, everyone. I need to talk to Tohka for a whileh
ghhhgcccccc?hhhhh
Everyone opened their eyes wide in wonder when they heard Shidoufs words but,
they immediately nodded.
After Shidou confirmed that, he released the curtain collected at the wall and
surrounded it around Tohkafs bed.
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
174 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
gShidou? What are you going to do?h
gAahcc.Actuallyh
Shidou brought his face closer to Tohkafs ears and briefly explained about the reseal
with a soft voice.
Fumu fumucccc.After hearing that, Tohkafs face turned red.
She then looked around to confirm that everyone did not hear that before looking
back to Shidou.
gMuccc.So that means, err, ermmm, we are goingccto do it here?h
gErrrcccWell, thatfs the caseh
gI-I seeccc.h
Tohkafs eyes were swimming around in hesitation but, she nodded as if she made up
her mind and joined her hands in front of her breasts before closing her eyes.
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
175 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
176 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
gUucccc.h
It was something he brought up but, after looking at Tohka like that, Shidou
instantly froze on the spot.
That was exactly like sleeping beauty. Her beautiful sleeping figure made the
normal pipe bed and white curtain look like a forest of roses.
But, he could not keep this up forever. Shidou took a deep breath before calming his
heart and brought his lips closer to Tohkafs lips while she was lying on the bed.
However.
gcccc..?h
Just when his face reached a distance where he could feel Tohkafs breath. Shidou
suddenly raised his sights. Somehow, he felt as if someone was looking at them.
gOoaahccc..!h
He then raised his voice in reflex. Shidoufs feelings were correct. The curtain he
closed without leaving any gaps slightly opened and coming from that gap,
Yoshino, [Yoshinon], Kaguya, Yuzuru, Miku and Natsumi were vertically lined up
while staring at Shidou and Tohkafs directions.
gShi-Shidou-san, what are youcc.h
gUhah, to do that in a place like this, how daringh
gHouuccccShidou has a fetish on doing whatever he wants to a sleeping girlh
gFed up. You necrophiliah
gAhh, no fair itfs always Tohka-san! Darling, me too! Me too!h
gccccD-donft show off you normal fagh
Each of them said that before 5 people + 1 object entered the curtain.
gU-uwahcc.!h
gNucc.?Wha-what is this!h
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
177 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
Shidou and Tohka were getting crushed by everyone and they were pushed to the
bed.
Even though Mikufs [Requiem] was in effect, the girlfs wounds are serious.
Everyonefs painful shout echoed in the schoolfs infirmary.
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
178 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
179 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 3
Instead of looking up at the cityfs stars, she was looking down at them.
City lights. Window lights. Car head lights. Colorful illuminations in the city. ------
on the roof of a tall building glaring down at the city, Tokisaki Kurumi narrowed
her eyes while staring at the several lights glittering in the darkness like stars.
She was a beauty wearing a blood red and shadow black dress. She had black hair
tied up left and right unequally. Her skin was as white as white porcelain.
Each of those features was more than enough to burn her existence into a personfs
mind. However, the part that would most definitely be carved into the mind of the
person that sees her would definitely be her special eye.
---She had different eye colors. Whatfs more, it was not a mismatch in eye colors.
There were small numbers drawn in her glowing gold left eye and clock needles
were *Kachi**kachi* ticking.
Of course, there was no way a girl with that special body features would be human.
Spirit. The disaster killing this world.
She was also one of the existences called by that general term by humans.
g----------g
Thus. Kurumi made a small sigh.
It was not like she did not feel moved by the scenery spread out under her eyes, and
itfs not like she was submerged into a sweet sentimentalism. She had already thrown
away those sentimental feelings a long time ago. Kurumi did not come up to this tall
building because she wanted to enjoy the night scenery; it was because this location
had the view of the whole place and that made it easy to grasp the positions of the
[Group of Kurumi] she released into the city, nothing more.
Yes. She simply realized a certain matter through her clones.
gccOh my oh myh
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
180 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
After Kurumi made a small shrug with her shoulders, she leaked a sigh again.
Not even after a few minutes passed, she noticed someonefs presence on the
buildingfs roof which was supposed to be empty with no one. Kurumi spun behind.
g-----Well this is a strange visitorh
After saying that, she looked at the visitor.
Over there was a girl wearing pure white clothes. The reason why her appearance
could be seen clearly even though it was in the night was because the clothes were
glowing.----Astral Dress. What she was wearing was definitely the same type of
clothes as the ones Kurumi were wearing.
However. Kurumi raised her lips at the sudden Spirit visitor.
gLong time no see, Origami-sanh
Yes. The face of the Spirit belonged to Tobiichi Origami who used to be Kurumifs
classmate and a member of AST.
gUfufu, looks like I was correct to not have you during that time.-----I never would
have thought you would turn out this delicious. This is beyond my expectationsh
gcccc..h
Even though Kurumi licked her lips, Origamifs expression did not change.
Cautiousness, confusion, even disgust could not be felt from her face.
Kurumi thought she was implying that she didnft need to be cautious to her but-----
most likely it was different. Kurumi had no guarantee for this but for some reason;
she felt that there was a strong motive hidden inside Origamifs eyes. ----It was so
big that it was enough to ignore the other emotions she had.
But, Kurumi could not grasp what Origamifs motives were. After a moment of
silence, she exchanged sights with Origami and *fuuu* sigh.
gBut even so, itfs amazing you know I was hereh
gccccccch
When Kurumi said that, Origami slowly moved her right hand forward. ----The
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
181 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
right hand which was grabbing the neck of a lifeless [Kurumi].
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
182 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
183 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
gUuccaaccc..h
A girl that looks like Kurumi was giving off a painful groan. When Kurumi looked
at her, she found painful wounds around her body in Astral Dress. It seems she was
beaten badly before she was brought here.
g-----It might be hard to find the real one but, it was easy for the current me to
capture one of your several clones mixed inside the cityh
After saying that, Origami let go of the clonefs neck.
gGuhcc..,*cough*cc.*cough*cccc.h
The clone fell down prostrate on the roof and after coughing a few times, she ran
into the shadows while glaring hatefully at Origami.
gOh my oh my, you were quite rough I seeh
gI held myself back from killing herh
gFuuncI seeh
Kurumi slid her lips with her finger while raising her eyebrows.
gSo, what do you want with me? Donft tell me you think you can beat me now that
you became a Spirit? Youfll experience pain if you measured my strength by
comparing it with my cloneh
After saying that, she bends her fingers as if she was taunting Origami.
But even so, Origami did nothing. She continued staring silently at Kurumifs eyes
and talked.
gcccc.I did not come here to fighth
Is it okay to believe those words? If Origami really had the intentions to fight
Kurumi then, she would not let go off the clone and just killed her.
However, Kurumi distorted her mouth with intentions of taunting.
gOh my, those are words I never would have thought to come out from the Spirithating
Origami. Even though you are currently confronting a Spirit that has killed
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
184 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
many people, is it okay to not shoot?h
gcccc..h
At that moment, Origami twitched her eyebrows for the first time. But even so,
Origami did not even try to attack Kurumi.
She had no completely no clues on what Origamifs intentions were. Kurumi
shrugged her shoulders exaggeratedly.
gThen what is it? Itfs not an invitation for tea right?h
After Kurumi said that, Origami made a serious expression and tilted her head
forward.
gI want to ask 1 questionh
gQuestionccc..huh. Ufufu, my answer will depend on the contentsh
She joked around. Origami might have taken that as a symbol of acknowledgment.
She continued staring straight at Kurumi and continued her words.
gThat Angel-<Zafkiel> is an Angel that can control time. And each of the 12
numbers has different powers in themh
gcccccch
Kurumi silently stroke her chin.
What Origami said was roughly correctccc.But, it was not enough to make
Kurumi alert. She doesnft remember giving a detailed explanation but, Origami has
seen Kurumifs Angel-<Zafkiel> before.
However. Kurumi brought her eyebrows closer in reflex when she heard Origamifs
next words.
Thatfs because,
g-----Is there a bullet that can send its target to the past within those 12?h
It was because Origami had accurately said the ability of the [ ]------
The last bullet Kurumi has not shown her before.
Twelve bullet
Yud Bet
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
185 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
Nonetheless, for a smart girl like her, it was probably easy to analogize the
remaining abilities from the abilities she saw from <Zafkiel>. The power to control
time------which means, it was only natural to think of time traveling.
gccc..So what if it there is such a thing?h
Kurumi replied back while making a suspicious face.
It was easy to lie or act dumb. But, Kurumi did not do so. It might be because she got
taken back by surprise andcmore importantly, the moment she says [No], she felt
as if she was denying her own wish.
Origami might have taken the answer as a yes and continued talking.
g----Tokisaki Kurumi. I want to borrow your powerh
gccc..huh?h
Kurumi opened her eyes wide in surprise when she heard the unexpected words
coming from Origami. gWhat did you just say?h
gI said I want to borrow your power.----The power of your angelh
gccc.Oh my, oh myh
Kurumi was stroking her chin while crawling her sights on Origami as if to probe
for her intentions.
gAre you saying I should use the [ ] for you?h
gYesh
gcccch
After Kurumi silently made a peaceful smile, she opened her right hand.
An olden-style infantry gun then popped out from the shadow and settled in her
hands. At the same time, Kurumi pointed that gun towards Origami and pulled the
trigger without any hesitation.
The shadow bullet loaded in the gun was shot towards Origami.
But, the moment Origamifs soft skin was about to take the bullet, her body turned to
Twelve bullet
Yud Bet
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
186 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
light and disappeared; the shadow bullet lost its target and sliced straight into the
night sky.
After a moment, Kurumi immediately turned behind after she noticed a presence
behind her.-----Origami who disappeared just now, was standing there.
gYour power is very strong. However, it wonft mean anything unless it hitsh
gccc.Oh my my, you have gained a magnificent magic trick I seeh
Kurumi made a friendly smile to avoid having the discomfort in her to be perceived
before continuing her words.
gAnd, that is my answer. Sorry but I canft meet your expectations. [ ] is
a special shot within the bullets I have. There is no reason to give that shot to youh
Yes. [ ] was Kurumifs last bullet. It was the only method to achieve
Kurumifs dearest wish.
She had no obligation to use it on Origami who suddenly appeared from the
sidelines.
gccccch
Even though Kurumi said that, Origami continued standing still while staring at
Kurumi.
After some time pass, Kruumi *Fuu* sighed after losing her patience.
gIfllcccask you this just in case. What are you going to do using [
]? Donft tell me, you want to see a young and innocent Shidousanccc..
Itfs not such a stupid reason right?h
Itfs not like she had a change of heart. But she was very interested on what would the
Origami who obtained Spirit powers use [ ] for.
gcccccch
After Origami pondered for a while, she nodded and moved her mouth.
gI want you to shoot me with that bullet.-----I want you to send me back 5 years on
the 3rd of Augusth
Twelve bullet
Yud Bet
Twelve bullet
Yud Bet
Twelve bullet
Yud Bet
Twelve bullet
Yud Bet
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
187 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
gcccc5 years back?h
Kurumi brought her eyebrows closer suspiciously.
gWhat are you going to do at that period?h
When she asked, Origami instantly sharpened her sights and continued.
gI will go back 5 years and kill the Spirit that killed my parents. I will void the
death of my father and mother.-----I will change History with my power"
Origami said that and clenched her fist to show her determination.
After hearing that, Kurumi gasped.
gccc.Is that, soh
It was not like she got pressured by Origamifs determination. Itfs just that-----she
saw herself in Origami for an instant because of that goal.
gIf I refuse then what are you going to do?h
gI will use any method to make you agreeh
gcccc..Fuun, now youfve said ith
After Kurumi distorted her face, she pointed the gun at Origami again.
Use any method, it was easy to know that violence was included in that word.
Kurumi could feel the intentions, of forcefully making her shoot [ ] if
she felt like doing so. Maybe she was underestimating Kurumi or maybe she was
high from the Spirit powers she suddenly gainedcc.
No, itfs unthinkable for Origami to misread her strength just because of such
reasons. If thatfs the case then, the reason why Origami said those words close to
taunting was because she seriously thinks she can make Kurumi surrender or------
she stood in front of Kurumi without calculating anything, either one of those
choices.
It was hard to think that the smart Origami would perform such a reckless move.
But, Kurumi could only think Origamifs actions were the latter.
The reason why the calm and composed Origami would move forward without
Twelve bullet
Yud Bet
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
188 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
thinking. The reason why she stood in front of the enemy even though she was
relying on a possibility that she had no confirmation of whether or not it was
possible or not.
The possibility of fixing a broken past.
The possibility of reliving an event that has passed.
Those sweet temptations easily slip into a personfs heart and corrode the person like
drugs. They would not mind even if they were aware of the facts and desire it as if
they yearn for it.
---Kurumi understood that until it hurts.
gccccch
She silently lowered the gun.
gcc..Well, okay. Even I feel scared to enter the [Real thing] without using [
] even once. I guess I will use you as an experiment.h
gccc..! Really?h
Origami opened her eyes and said that. Her expression was so pure that it was
unthinkable for the usual Origami and-----she looked exactly like an innocent child.
gcccc..This is breaking my vibeh
After Kurumi scratched her cheeks, she coughed to regain her composure.
gBut even so, an enormous amount of Reiryoku is needed to use [ ]. Of
course, I donft even have the slightest intentions to use my Reiryoku. Can you pay
for it?h
gI donft mind. How much is neededh
Origami asked with sincere eyes. After Kurumi erected her index finger, she
touched her lips to ponder.
gIt defers on how far the date and time for the time travel. If it is the past then, the
amount of Reiryoku consumed will increase exponentially. If itfs-----climbing up to
30 years back then, it would be enough to use up a Spiritfs lifeh
Twelve bullet
Yud Bet
Twelve bullet
Yud Bet
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
189 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
gccc.30 years?h
Origami made a suspicious face. Kurumi simply swung her hands to play it off and
looked back at Origami.
gWhatfs next-----letfs see. The amount of Reiryoku used will change depending on
how long you stay at the time you traveled butccc..for this, since I never tried
this before so I have no grasp of the feeling. Of course, I donft think you will be
forced back to the present as soon as you return to the past but, you have to deal with
the slight time differenceh
gI donft mind.------There is no problem if it can be managedh
Origami answered immediately after Kurumi said that.
She might be feeling confident because no doubt or hesitation could be felt from her
eyes.
Actually, for the current Origami, even if the Reiryoku used for time travelling 5
years to the past was consumed, she would probably have enough remaining power
to put up a fight. The thick Reiryoku covering Origami could be strongly felt just by
standing in front of her.
gIs that so.----Thenh
After Kurumi spun around in that spot, she pinched her skirt with her free left hand
and took an exaggerated bow.
gLetfs begin. ----okay, come here, <Zaaaaaaaaffffzieeeeeel>h
And as if to match with her voice, a giant clock appeared from the shadows lurking
under Kurumifs feet.
<Zafkiel>. The time controlling Angel Kurumi owns.
Kurumi was already holding the infantry gun upwards while *Tan*, *Tan*making
that sound by stepping on the ground.
At that moment, Kurumifs shadows expanded in size and crawled on the building
roof until it reached Origamifs feet.
g----This ish
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
190 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
She immediately noticed an abnormality. Origami slightly brought her eyebrows
closer.
gUfufu, do you remember?h
Kurumi raised the side of her lips and smiled. Origami stepped on this shadow at
school last time.
<Time devouring castle>. It was Kurumifs ability that would suck away a humanfs
[Time] once they step into the shadow Kurumi spread outs. It was not the usual range
she uses and the shadow was condensed to its limit; this was a special version set to
suck the targetfs Reiryoku directly. Most likely, Origami was feeling her power
getting sucked away in extreme speed.
gThis is the last chance if you want to quit. I am insincere. Maybe, I might only steal
your Reiryoku and scrap the promise away you know?h
After saying that, she made a disgusting smile.
But, Origami looked straight at Kurumi and did not look away.
gccc..But even so. I have no choice but to rely on youh
gIs that soh
It was words unthinkable from the calculative Origami. After Kurumi tiredly sighed,
she waited until she secure enough Reiryoku from Origami before holding the gun
in her right hand and poured in strength.
Just like what she said just now, she had the choice to suck all of Origamifs
Reiryoku. Even if she did not do that, she could suck more Reiryoku than the
amount needed for [ ].
But Kurumi did not do so. The reasonccshe does not know it too.
Maybe, she just wanted to see it.
The girl that reached that method other than her------just what kind of path would be
opened by the girl that reached it.
---or maybe, how she would reach her end.
Twelve bullet
Yud Bet
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
191 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
g<Zafkiel>-----[ ]!!h
She then shouted. The name of the last bullet she never shot before while grasping
its ability.
<Zafkiel> made a creak she have never heard before until now and started giving
off a black glow. The excess Reiryoku flicked around like thunder, sending sparks
around.
It then concentrated on one point----the number XII and thick shadows started
splashing out from it before getting sucked into the gun Kurumi was preparing
through the nozzle.
The gun loaded with the bullet felt like it was shaking in her hands. The super
condensed Reiryoku was rampaging inside the gun.
It felt like an invisible being was preventing Kurumi from shooting that bullet. It
was like holding a power that would disobey reason and God--the existence that
transcends an irreversible and inviolable phenomenon known as time.
After Kurumi *nii* distorted her lips, she pointed her gun at Origami---and pulled
the trigger.
gOkay, have fun, Origami-san.-----so that you would achieve your dearest wishh
The black bullet shot out from the gun flew at a straight line while leaving a black
path in the space-----
gccc!h
The moment Origami touched her chest; her body was getting warped into the
bulletfs rotation.
The warp turned bigger and not long later, Origamifs body distorted into the
bulletfs trajectory and disappeared into space.
gccc.fuuh
After a moment. Kurumi looked at the space Origami was standing just now while
getting blown by the night wind while lowering her gun.
g---Show it to me. The foolish and reckless act of rewriting the world; and how
TweYluvde B beut llet
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
192 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
much of it would be forgiven by Godh
Kurumi mumbled that to herself before relaxing her hands and dropped the gun into
the shadow.
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
193 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
194 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 4
guucccch
Origami slightly frowned her eyebrows. The moment the bullet Kurumi shot
touched her chest, she was assaulted by a feeling of her existence getting twisted and
her consciousness getting torn to pieces.
There was no pain. Instead, a feeling of drunkenness and vomiting was lurking in
Origamifs chest as if she was grabbed by the leg and was swung around violently.
gcccc..uhh
After a while, Origami gasped in reflex.
The same time her conscious turned clear, a strong pull of gravity and the feeling of
floating in the sky assaulted her this time.
Yes. Right now, Origami was upside down and falling down from the sky.
gFuu-----g
Origami poured some strength into her body and stopped mid-air before fixing her
posture.
The method was not that different from manipulating the Territory when she uses
the CR-unit. She would make an order in her mind and twist the space wrapping
around her after matching up with it.
Either the power of the Spirits and Wizards are fundamentally the same or
Origamifs feelings of controlling a CR-unit was linked to match the method of
using the Spiritfs power inside her memories.
If the feeling of [Flying in the sky] was not provided to her as common sense then,
she would definitely slam to the ground after she was unable to make immediate
decisions.-----in the first place, the current Origami wonft die even if she fell from a
tall place.
gThis isccc..h
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
195 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
Origami was bringing her eyebrows closer from the dull pain left in her head while
looking around the sky.
It was a weird feeling. The sky that was completely dark just now, turned bright like
a re-winded scene. She was not clear on what exact time it was but, it was around
evening. It was the time where the sun was starting to set and the shadows of the
buildings were extending.
After looking around the city from the sky, she found out the scenery of the ground
was a little different from what she saw when she was on the building.
More specifically, the shapes of the large roads and blocks were not that different.
The buildings lined up and patterns of signboards hung up were different from
Origamifs memories.
If she were to state another difference then, the trees growing beside the roadside
and the trees in the park was different from just now. Inside Origamifs memories,
the trees were covered with red leaves but the trees she was seeing now was full with
green leaves as if it was in mid-summer.
Origami then looked straight down. She found out she was right in the center of the
foundation for a tall building and several heavy equipment were lined up there.
---Now that Origami thinks about it, the building Kurumi and Origami was talking
on top just now was not still completed 5 years ago.
She then recognized it and raised her face again.
g----Tenguu city from 5 years agoh
Origami felt goosebumps all around her body when she said those words. Her
heartbeat turned wilder from excitement and she could not say anything for a while.
But it was only natural. Who would blame her to be like that when she was being
absentminded from touching her dearest wish that was thought to never be granted.
5 years. Just who would laugh to the girlfs emotion when she devoted her life for
revenge for a quarter of a humanfs lifetime.
She became a Spirit and returned back to the past to kill the Spirit who killed her
parents with the strength of the Spirits. It was an unbelievably weird situation. Most
likely, if this was told to Origami from a day back, she would only take it as a bad
joke and take it as a ridiculous event.
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
196 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
However, she knew that this was all reality by feeling this world with her 5 senses.
She didnft need to pinch her cheeks to be convinced that this was the truth.
Right now----Origami was back.
To the 3rd of August, 5 years ago.
The day her parents was killed by a Spirit.
She wished, desired and yearn---She has returned back to the day that was out from
her reach.
g----Aahh
Origami let out her admiration with a volume that no one could hear before making
a thin sigh.
She then clenched her fist and sharpened her sights as if she was renewing her
determination.
---That was enough for now.
More words will be left to after achieving her goal.
Yes. Origami was finally on the stage. The important part starts now.----Origami
recalled back the scenery she saw on that day.
The burning city. Her parents that got eradicated by the light poured down from the
sky.-----The silhouette of her hated Spirit floating in the sky.
She will kill the Spirit before it kills her father and mother. She will make her
parents death event into something that has never happened. She will recreate the
world into the world that [Should] happen.
Origami would not forgive any tears until that is finished.
The enemy is the Spirit and the world. However, there exist not a fragment of flatter
and hesitation in Origamifs heart.
The only thing in her heart was burning revenge and radiant hope.
After Origami scratched the corner of her eyes with her thumb as if to wipe off the
oozing tears, she changed her body direction and raised her voice.
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
197 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
g<Metatron>-----[ ]h
At the same time, light particles sparkled around Origami and all of it gathered
behind Origami before <Metatron> in wing-form was manifested.
Origami moved by flapping [Malakh] wings, and flew in the sky at high speed.
Of course, the direction----was south.
She was heading towards the Tenguu Nankou town she used to live ub until 5 years
ago.
Although she succeeded in time traveling, she had no idea how long she could stay
in this time. She had to take action quick. If she came all this way and did not find the
Spirit for her revenge then-----no, even if she found the Spirit but reached the time
limit before defeating it then it would really be a miserable sight to behold.
Origami sharpened the hostility she kept harboring in her heart for many years
while rushing towards the residential area of her goal.
Not long later, a loud noise echoed into her ears.
She thought it was a Space quake alarm for a moment but-----it was wrong. This was
a fire alarm, and also the sound of sirens from the ambulance and fire trucks.
gcccccc.h
At the same time, Origami could feel a heat haze coming from the front.
The city in front----was burning.
It was not a metaphor or joke. The residential area spread out in her view was
burning in red flames as if the city was air-raided. The sound of the alarm and siren
mixing, the sound of buildings collapsing, loud scorching sounds, the screams of
people running in chaos; all of it was exhibiting a scene suitable to be called hell.
This was in Origamifs memories too. The great fire that occurred in Nankou town 5
years ago.
That event was happening right in front of her.
gcccc.Then-----g
HeaMveanllay kWhings
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
198 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
The memories of the past resurfaced and caused Origami to be absentminded for a
moment but, she regained her composure immediately.
This fire was caused by Itsuka Kotori----the Fire Spirit <Efreet>. She could not
control her Spirit powers and the side-effects of that enormous Reiryoku caused her
surroundings to turn into a sea of flames.
Then it should be there.
---The other Spirit that made Itsuka Kotori into Spirit.
gFuu------g
The same time Origami recognized that, she lowered her altitude and flew over the
city.
Sparks were scattering, smokes were fuming, and the view was extremely bad. But,
Origami did not bother about and crawled her sights at the city.
She then-----found them.
She saw an elementary school boy and a young girl in a glowing Astral dress.
gcccc., Shidoucc..!h
Origami let out her voice in reflex.
Yes. There was no mistake; it was Origamifs lover-Itsuka Shidou and his sister----
Itsuka Kotori from 5 years ago.
Which means-----
g-------g
Origami gulped while slightly turning her sights away from Shidou.
Right beside Kotori and Shidou who was lying on the ground.
Over there.
[That] was there.
Age, gender, height, nothing could be understood but, [Something] was definitely
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
199 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
there.
The Spirit with noise blocking its existence was standing there.
As she thought, it resembles the existence that gave Origami her Spirit powers.-----
was it the same existence? Or maybe it was a different existence that was concealing
its identity with the same method.
But, those were trivial worthless things to Origami now.
g-----Found youh
Origami mumbled.
At the same time, she felt her body temperature drop rapidly.
gFound you. Found you. Found you. Found you. Found you. Found you. Found you.
Found you. Found you. Found you. Found you. Found you. Found you. Found you.
Found you. Found you. Found you. Found you. Found you.h
Her consciousness turned clear and her view-----only had the Spirit-<Phantom> in
it.
Even though she finally found the target she was yearning for like a maiden in love,
Origamifs mind was very cool.---- it was so cool that she might even get frostbites.
She felt her whole existence was calibrating itself to kill [That]. Right now, Origami
was pure hostility and also blade.
g-----<Metatron>h
She raised her right hand and called its name.
When she did that, the wings manifested behind her flew in the sky independently in
a group and pointed its tip downwards.
Next, a beam gushed out from <Metatron>fs tip and attacked <Phantom> who was
standing on the ground.
But, the moment the light was about to reach it, <Phantom> disappeared from the
spot just when she thought <Phantom> vibrated.
gcccc..h
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
200 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
However, Origami did not get flustered.----She slowly raised her face forward.
When she did that-----she found <Phantom>, who was on the ground just now, at the
same height as Origami. It seems it dodged Origamifs attack in an instant and flew
over there.
g---Ah-re?h
<Phantom> talked to her in a hard to hear voice.
gJust when I thought who attacked me all of a suddenc..are you a Spirit?h
Since there was a noise covering its body, she could not see its expression in detail
but, she could somewhat know that <Phantom> was taking a surprised posture. It
looked at Origami in an interested manner and continued her words.
gWhatfs more, that Angel----<Metatron>ccc..? Whatfs going on? I still have
that Sephira crystal with meh
<Phantom> tilted her head and said that.
Judging by its words, Origami speculated that the Spirit in front of her now was the
same existence as the [Something] that gave her Reiryoku.
However, Origami no longer had the disgust that she got when she got the power
from her target. Instead, Origami felt an uplifting feeling which was close to a kind
of predominance when she thought of killing it with the power given to her by no
other than itself, as <Phantom>fs mistake.
gHey, who are you? Where did you come from? Why are you attacking me?h
g----------Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!h
Origami did not answer and shouted before directing her right hand forward.
As if to match with that, <Metatron>fs tip pointed forward and shot a beam towards
<Phantom>.
<Phantom>fs body vibrated like just now and dodged it with a paper thin difference.
gcccThat is definitely <Metatron>-----huh. Then the only thinkable way would
beccc.Did you time travel using <Zafkiel>fs power? If that is the case
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
201 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
thencccthis is a little unexpected. I never would have thought that girl would
lend her power to someone elseh
<Phantom> mumbled to itself. But, it did not matter to Origami now.
g[Kaddour]ccc!h
---Origami spread out both her hands. As if to match with that action, the wing-form
<Metatron> was completely separated into bits and was deployed into the air before
pointing its tip to <Phantom>.
g---Haaaaaaaaaaa!!h
The same time Origami shouted, beams were fired towards <Phantom> from all of
the tips.
g----uhg
<Phantom> gasped and barely dodged the beam that was sliding in the sky.
However, <Metatron>fs continued attacking from all direction without pause. This
was at full power and was different from the first shot because she held back on the
power to avoid dragging Shidou into the blast.
<Phantom> probably decided that it would get hit eventually if it stayed there. It
escaped backwards to slip past <Metatron>fs range and flew in the sky to run away
from Origami.
gI wonft let you runc..!h
After Origami sharpened her sights, she kicked the ground to pursue <Phantom>
while still deploying <Metatron> into the surroundings.
She fired several beams while chasing <Phantom> who was flying in the sky and
making complex maneuvers. Even though <Phantom> dodged all of it, its travelling
distance gradually turned shorter.
gHaaaccccit seems my future self has quite a grudge from youh
Just how long did the chase continued, <Phantom> said it with a fed-up voice while
flying freely in the sky and dodging the beams.
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
202 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
gcc..Fut, sorry, I canft have you killing me here.----Even I have a wish I have to
realize no matter whath
gccc..uhh
Origamifs eyebrows got closer when she heard those words.
gA----Wish?h
As if to respond to Origamifs words, <Metatron> flew in the sky like a falcon and
made a line of light in the sky.
gYou killed mycfather and mother, and you still want a wishcc.? Donft screw
with me. Donft screw with me. Donft screw with mecccc! I wonft give you time
to hope. I wonft give you time to wish. You will die without achieving anything. You
will disappear without leaving anything at all. Get lost from this world with regret
in that empty heart----!h
However. <Phantom> tilted its head in wonder after hearing Origamifs words.
gFather and mothercc? What are you saying? I donft remember. Sorry, but did
you mistake me with someone else?h
gccc..!h
Origami gasped when she heard <Phantom>fs words.
Nonetheless, <Phantom>fs reply was normal. Thatfs because at the current stage,
<Phantom> has not kill Origamifs parents yet. It was probably fact that it could not
answer anything even if it was pressed with a crime it has not done.
But. <Phantom>fs answer showed one absolute truth.
<Phantom> said this. [I donft remember].
Which means, unless <Phantom> was playing a fool, in this situation where
<Phantom> was originally going to kill Origamifs parents in just another few
minutes, <Phantom> does not even know of their existence and name.
Those actions were not calculated, thought out-----and had no reason in it.
To this Spirit, the fact of killing Origamifs parents was not for any principles or
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
203 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
goal, it either done it by whim-----like stomping on ants on the roadside; it was just
a useless event for it.
Inside her head mad in anger, Origami felt her head turn even more messed up.
Anger filled her body and it felt like it was about to breakthrough her skin.
Even Origami no longer had the words to describe this feeling. Anger. Hostility.
Detest. Those words could not even show 10% of the insanity filling Origamifs
heart.
But whatfs certain was-----she will not allow <Phantom> to exist in this world.
gYou-----Bastaaaaaaaaaaard!h
Together with a shout, <Metatron> which was spread out it the sky all fired beams at
once and attacked <Phantom>. However, <Phantom> dodged all of it with perfect
movements.
But----That was within her calculations. Origami saw through <Phantom>fs evasion
habits during the few minutes of battle and purposely shot the beam in an easy way
so it could dodge it.
Yes. She made it so <Phantom>fs could only slip into the safe zones. All the beams
were made so it could barely dodge them all. However in another hand, the beams
formed a cage of light around <Phantom>.
It only last a moment to maintain that shape. However, it was more than enough for
her.
g----Haaaa!
Right while the beams of light was still in the sky, she gathered <Metatron> and
made it into crown-form on top of <Phantom> before directing an enormous beam
from the tip down from the sky as if it was meant to slam <Phantom> down.
gcccccchh
It was the first time <Phantom> was in dismay.
However, its judgment was fast. It probably thought that it was impossible to dodge
this attack without getting hurt. <Phantom> rammed at the cage of light surrounding
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
204 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
it and dodged the pouring beam of light from above in a paper thin difference. With
her Reiryoku gathered into that one ultimate attack, Origamifs attack pierced into
the ground like that after losing its target.
At the same time, the wall of Reiryoku covering <Phantom> touched the
<Metatron>fs beams formed into a cage and caused sparks of Reiryoku around like
fireworks. An intense light spread out nearby and blinded Origami for an instant.
But, <Phantom> did not take that chance to attack Origami.
It stopped on the spot and talked in a quiet voice.
gccc..That was magnificent. Even I canft dodge that. To think that you could use
<Metatron> this goodh
g----------?h
Thus. Origami raised her eyebrows in reflex.
She could not distinguish whether it was female or male just now and <Phantom>
voice she could not hear just now turned really clear and shook Origamifs eardrum.
It was the voice----of a young girl.
gcccHowever, this is a problem. I want to avoid trouble if possible but, itfs
unthinkable for me to not give a Sephira crystal to a girl that can use power this
skillfullycc.. While knowing you will go against me, this would mean I will be
making a rebellious Spiritccc..huhh
After saying this, <Phantom> turned around and faced her back to Origami.
Its appearance was not an identified existence completely covered in noise anymore-
----it was a girl with her long hair fluttering in the wind.
Most likely, the noise film covering her temporarily disappeared when she
forcefully broke through the cage of light. The identity of <Phantom> that she could
not recognize until now, was being exposed under the daylight.
But, that was not the only reason why Origami stopped attacking even though it was
for a moment.
---She felt that she had heard that girlfs voice before.
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
205 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
gYou are----g
The girl ignored Origamifs voice and continued her words.
gc..Well, I have no choice then. I should be welcoming the birth of a powerful
Spirit. I will quietly receive this attack. All of this----is for my wishh
After saying that, the girl did not show her face to Origami and made a small wave
with her hands.
g----okay see you. I will be leaving now. I achieved my goal today anyway. Actually,
I want to see more of your powers butccccif I stay here any longer, nothing
good will happenh
In an instant, the girl slowly disappeared into thin air.
gccc.! Wait!h
Origami separated <Metatron> into bits again shot several beams to shoot through
the girlfs back.
But---it was too late.
<Metatron> beams passed through the girls shadow and extended into the sky.
gKuh-----g
After Origami glared at the space the girl disappeared into, she clenched her teeth in
pain.
The regret of letting her parentfs killer run away in front of her was filling her
body.
gccccc..h
No. Origami swung her head to deny her own thoughts.
Itfs true that Origami let <Phantom> ran away. She could not kill her parentfs killer.
But, she managed to achieve a greater goal.
Yes. <Phantom>fs disappearance would mean that----there is no Spirit to kill
Origamifs parents.
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
206 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
g----Ah, ahh
Origami looked up at the sky while letting out her voice.
Origamifs parents avoid getting killed.
This---will change things.
The world will be recreated.
Once the time limit for Kurumifs bullet passes and she returns back to the present,
both her gentle father and mother would be waiting for her with a smile.
gFatherccMotherccc.h
Tears were oozing out the corner of her eyes.
Origami has achieved it.
She gained back her parents with these hands.
She erased the fact that was supposed to be unable to overturn.
---and.
gccc.?h
At that moment.
Origami noticed a certain matter.
gThis isccc..h
While saying that, she looked down at the scenery spread out under her eyes.
Of course, it was a part of the residential area covered in flames. However, now that
she took a good look at it, she felt that she recognized the shape of the road.
Yes. That was the place Origami used to live at.
g--------Eh?h
Then. Origami let out a soft voice.
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
207 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
There was a girl, right under Origami who was flying in the sky.
After seeing that, Origami got assaulted by a feeling as if her body was squeezed.
It was an elementary school girl with hairs reaching her shoulders and was hold up
by a pin. She had a cute face but, the girlfs face was currently tragic because she was
making a blank expression and was covered with black soot.
gThatfs-----g
Origamifs voice leaked out from her trembling lips.
There was no mistake. There was no way she could mistake it. Thatfs.
---That was Origami 5 years ago.
gEhccAh-----g
*Dokun**dokun*.
Her heart bounced.
She felt her head getting messed up.
Sight, hearing, smell----several of her senses shut down and an urge to shut off all
information of the outer world filled her.
But, Origami saw it.
While she was half-conscious, she moved her sights.
--Further up the direction the sitting down elementary school Origami was looking
at.
gAhccc.., ahcccch
In front of the Origami 5 years ago. She saw a remarkably big ruin compared to the
others in the surroundings.
The asphalt road was completely destroyed. No matter how chaotic the fire disaster
was, there were no flames that could cause that.
It was as if-----the mark was formed from a beam of light that came pouring from
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
208 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
above the sky.
And in the center of the ruins.
Countless flesh and bones which probably had the shape of humans just a few
moments ago were scattered about in the center.
Yes. It was right whereccccOrigami shot the beam down towards <Phantom>
just now.
gAh, ah, ah, ah, ah, ahcccc..h
Her view shook. Her throat got clogged. Her fingers were trembling.
---The scenery she saw before clearly flashed back to her.
5 years ago. Origami, who came back to the residential area covered in flames, was
reunited with her parents in front of her house.
Her father and mother were safe. Origami was happy from her heart and was
relieved.
But, next off, light poured down from the sky and erased her parents in front of her
in an instant.
She could recall back that memory if she closes her eyes; it was a hellish scene.
cccccYes, Origami looked up at the sky at that time.
Up the direction where the light poured down. She looked up as if to find the culprit
that killed her parents.
She then---saw it.
In the sky. There was 1 silhouette.
This was how the Origami from 5 years ago who had no knowledge of the Spiritfs
existence describe it.
An Angel.
g--------g
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
209 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
Origami from 5 years ago then looked up from the ground and looked up at
Origami.
Origami followed her sights and lowered her sights to her trembling hands.
She then looked around her body.
The glowing pure white Astral dress covering her slender body.
The countless [Wings] hovering in the sky around her.
If a stranger were to see her appearance.
---they would probably look at her as an Angel.
gAh-ah-ah-aaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
Her whole body trembled.
Origami held her head and twist her body.
She felt her body breaking down and disappearing.
No, it might be something close to desire.
The disgust of wanting to erase herself immediately, filled her brain. The despair of
not forgiving her existence filled the gaps of her heart.
At that moment, the small Origami on the ground opened her mouth while she was
making an expression filled with anger and despair.
The voice could not be heard since it was erased by the sound of collapsing building
and echoing siren.
But, those words clearly reached Origamifs head even though the voice did not
shake her eardrums.
---It was youcc..youfre the one that killed my father and mother.
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
210 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
---I wonft forgive youcc..! killccccI will kill youc..! I will----
definitelyccc!
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
211 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
212 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
Thatfs.
That was none other than the curse that Origami kept repeating in her mind.
Origami understood everything.
She accidentally understood it.
5 years ago. Here, the fire of Tenguu city Nankou town had several Spiritfs in it just
like what Shidou and the others said.
Butcccc..it wasnft 2 Spirits.
The Spirit that caused the fire, <Efreet>-Itsuka Kotori.
The one who made Kotori into a Spirit, <Phantom>.
And----The Spirit that came back from the future to kill that
<Phantom>cc.Origami.
There was 3 Spirit there.
Origami let out a blurry voice.
gcccI-icc..was the one who killed mother and father-----?h
Yes. <Phantom> did not kill Origamifs parents.
A straight attack that killed Origamifs parents.
That was none other than the light Origami released by using <Metatron>.
gAh, ah, ahh
The moment she recognized that.
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
213 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
Origami felt an illusion as if the color of the scenery spread out in her view
inversed.
gAaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
She felt the world turning upside down.
Just before Origamifs consciousness shut down, she felt her heart getting painted in
pure black.
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
214 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
215 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
Chapter 5: The Descending Of The
Devil King To Darkness
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
216 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
217 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 1
The time is 10:30pm. Shidou and the girls were in a hospital room in the city.
After the previous events, the Space quake alarm was turned off and people returned
back to the city and school. Shidou and the group who were locked in a grapple, got
scolded by the school nurse on why they did not evacuate before getting transported
to the hospital.
Even though they were in a sealed state, the Spirits had a tougher body than humans.
Even if itfs just healing wounds, they're much faster than a normal human.
Although it was like that, they canft heal like Kurumi and Kotori so they still had
painful wounds on their body. Having seen that, it was only normal for the school
nurse to call 117 without any argument. Well, to Shidou who was planning to bring
them to the hospital, it saved the trouble for him.
gmuuuccccShidou, I am hungrycccch
After being re-bandaged nicely, Tohka told him. Shidou made a wry smile and
shrugged his shoulders. She had dinner just a while ago but, the amount served by
the hospital was definitely not enough for Tohka.
gcccseriously, I have no choice huh. But itfs already late so, it will be food easy
for digestion. Should I buy jelly from the convenience store for you?h
gUmu!h
Tohka nodded happily. And when they were having that conversation, the other
Spirits who saw that from the side [Buuu] were making unsatisfied voices.
gHey Shidou. Whatfs the idea of giving the forbidden fruit to my kinsman after
leaving me asideh
gUnsatisfied. Shidou is lacking the awareness that he is Yuzuru and Kaguyafs shared
propertyh
gAaah, itfs always Tohka-san, thatfs not fairh
Yes. Luckily, it seems the door to the big room was opened so everyone managed to
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
218 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
enter the same room. Shidou, Yoshino and Natsumi had no serious injuries but,
since everyone had no home to go back to, they were specially allowed to stay there
until they get the confirmation for an empty evacuation facility.
In Tenguu city, there exists several temporary facilities for residents to gather after
losing their homes from the space quake disaster but since the disaster occurred in
the middle of the residential area this time, there were many people who had lost
their homes and it caused support to be late.
In the end, the area around the Itsuka house was concluded to be a disaster zone
from a Space quake. However, it was only normal. Origami probably did it so that it
would turn out this way -----since a space quake disaster was generally an explosion
that occurs when a Spirit appears and when the AST and Spirits fight. It has not
strayed from that definition.
gAlright alrightccc..Ifll buy some for everyone so wait for me.-----How about
you two Yoshino, Natsumi?h
After saying that, he looked into the room. Yoshino and Natsumi were sitting side by
side on a chair placed at the side of the wall.
No, speaking more precisely, both of them were closing their eyes and while
*suu**suu* they were giving off sleeping breaths; they were snuggling by leaning
on each other. It seems they fell asleep from the tiredness.
gAhahacc..h
After Shidoufs mouth relaxed, he took an extra blanket and placed it on both of
them. A lot of things happened today, it was normal.
And.
gccc.Hn?h
Shidou slightly brought his eyebrows closer. He could hear a shaking sound from
somewhere.
gMu, whatfs wrong Shidouh
gNo, I thought I heard a weird soundccwait, ahh
At that moment, Shidou noticed the identity of the sound. Yes. It was the vibration
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
219 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
from a phone.
gIs it from Yoshinoc..? Now that I think about it, she forgot to turn off her phone
before entering the hospitalccch
Shidou scratched his cheeks before, *umu* making a nod. Of course, it was strictly
forbidden to use a phone in the hospital but, thatfs something hard to ask from a
Spirit. It was Shidoufs mistake to forget about that.
gI have no choicecc..I canft leave it alone anywaysh
He had no idea who was the one calling her but, it will be a problem if that person
keeps calling if he leaves it alone. In order to turn off the power, Shidou extended
his hands to Yoshinofs clothes pocket.
gAh-re?h
But, the phone was not in the pocket he picked. Itfs probably in somewhere else.
Shidou counted on the sound of the vibration and looked around Yoshinofs body for
it.
gOhccfound ith
He found the phone in the pocket in the inner side of her clothes and took it.
And at that moment.
gHnnccc..unncch
Yoshino suddenly made a ticklish voice and slowly opened her eyes.
And after looking around blankly for a while, her face turned red when she saw him
feeling around her body and his face was right in front of her.
gccc..! E-errrccc.Shidou-hyaancc.!?h
After saying that, her body froze while tears were oozing out at the corner of her
eyescccsomehow, it seems she misunderstood something.
gWaicccc, youfre wrong Yoshino! This is----g
And when Shidou was about to explain himself, Natsumi who was sleeping beside
Yoshino woke up this time.
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
220 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
gHnnccc..What is it, its so noic..s-yc.h
Natsumi then opened her eyes wide and raised her right hand to magnificently
launch an uppercut to Shidoufs chin.
gYou, rotten fienddddd!h
gHebuuucc.!?h
After Shidou made an odd shout, he got blown away in a parabolic line from the
momentum of Natsumifs uppercut, he then fell face upwards on the hospital floor.
*Kan**kan**kan*! The sound of the match being over rang. He thought he heard
that.
gshi-shidou!?h
Since Yoshino and Natsumi were sitting at the other side of the curtain, it was at a
blind spot from the bed side. By Tohka and the girls' view, they probably saw
Shidou suddenly get blown away. She opened her eyes wide and let out a surprised
voice.
Shidou weakly swung his hand to tell her that he was alright before stroking his chin
while slowly raising his body.
gA-are you okay, Yoshinoc.! Did he do anything strange to you!?h
gE-errcc.Ye-yes. More importantly, Shidou-san iscc.h
gForget about that useless guy! I-I never thought he would do something that
perverted to Yoshino when I was sleeping beside hercccc!h
gYo-youfre misunderstandingc..I just-----g
Shidou showed Yoshinofs phone he was holding to Natsumi to explain himself.
But-----he raised his eyebrows and stopped his words.
The reason was simple. On Yoshinofs phone's calling screen, he saw a familiar
name being displayed on it.
gcccccc!h
The moment he recognized that, Shidou immediately pressed the accept button and
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
221 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
placed the phone on his ears. He was well-aware that calling in the hospital was
forbidden but-----his body moved before he was conscious about that fact.
When he did that, he could hear a familiar voice coming from the receiver.
gccc..Hello, is this Yoshino?h
g------Kotori! Is it Kotori!?h
Shidou replied back in an excited voice.
Yes. What he heard from the other side of the receiver was definitely Shidoufs
sister- Kotorifs voice.
gMuc.!?h
gHou, shefs safe huhh
Maybe they reacted to the name Shidou said, the girls raised their voice. Shidou
nodded to reply to them before focusing back on the phone.
gShidou? Aahcccthis is good, it looks like youfre safe. How about everyone
else?h
gAah, everyonefs safe------I canft say that but, at least they are aliveh
gYes. That is greath
gRather, thatfs my line. Where were you? Is <Fraxinus> okay? I got worried since I
couldnft contact youh
After Shidou said that, Kotori turned silent for a while. He could only hear regretful
breathing.
gKotoricc..?h
g-----Right now, we are in the underground facility <Ratatoskr> owns. The crew is
safe somehow. Butccwe lost. Completely tooh
gEhcc..!?h
Shidou opened his eyes wide in shock when he heard the sudden announcement.
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
222 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
gWha-what do you mean?h
gccccJust like what I meant. We lost to DEM. The ship damage is over 30%.
Running away after using all the <Ygdd Folium> was our limits. <Fraxinus> is
being repaired. The ship is being barely maintained by the Territory butcccfor
a while, please start thinking that itfs not possible to use it like we used toh
gWhacccc.h
Shidou lost his words.
Itfs not like he could not understand her words. But, the word [Defeat] and
<Fraxinus> does not stick well in his head.
But, thinking rationally, it was something not impossible. <Fraxinus> is an airship.
Then things like this happen too. Itfs Shidoufs own fault for thinking that <Fraxinus>
was a place with absolute safety.
gThe <Fraxinus> gotccc!? But, the <Ratatoskr> realizer fs performance should
be better than DEMfscccc.h
gFundamentally yescccc..but, the gap got quite filled in after the development
of DEM new model-<Ashcroft ƒÀ>. Also-----DEM have that womanh
gcccc.uhh
That woman. The moment Shidou heard those words. The face of a certain girl
popped up in Shidoufs mind. She has silky pale blonde hair and eyes filled with
confidence.-----The face of the strongest Wizard, Ellen Mather.
Shidou probably understood the situation in the silence. Kotori made a sigh before
continuing on.
gcccc.Well, talking about the past wonft do anything. ----More importantly,
tell me something. Where did you go? Everyone being alive would mean that, they
beat Tobiichi Origami?h
gNo, thatfsccc..h
Shidou hesitated for a moment before making a sigh and briefly explained the
events that happened a few hours ago.
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
223 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
About the fact that he got confined by Origami. About Yoshino and Natsumi saving
him. And, by the time he reached the place the Spirits was fighting----he saw
Origami as a Spirit.
gTobiichi Origami turned into a Spiritc..!?h
Kotori made a voice filled with shock.
gWhat is going on? Did <Phantom> appearcc?h
gI donft know. But-----That is the only plausible answerh
gccccccuh, oh damn. Why at a time like thiscc..!h
Kotori said it painfully. However, it was only natural for her to do so. To Kotori,
<Phantom> was someone she has deep connections with.
gSo, wherefs Tobiichi Origami?h
gShe flew somewherecc..I donft know where she wenth
gccc.I see. I understand. We will look for her. Shidou, you should start
preparing your heart tooh
gPreparing my heart?h
gWell, thatfs obvious right. No matter who it is, a Spirit is a Spirit. You have to
conquer Tobiichi Origami next you know?h
gAhcccc..h
Itfs true now that she mentioned it. Shidoufs job is to raise the Spiritfs affection level
and to seal their Reiryoku by kissing them. Of course, Origami was not an
exception too.
cc..but for some reason, when he thinks of Origami being the opponent, the
image of being [Eaten] by Origami instead of [Conquering] her popped up in his
mind. Even though the sealing must be done, he feels that a big problem would
occur once he kisses her.
Maybe she noticed Shidoufs state, Kotori *Haaa* sighed.
g------Oh well, there is plenty more stuff I want to ask too but for now, letfs do that
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
224 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
when we meet up later. Itfs bad to talk too long in the hospital anywayh
gEh? How did youccch
gWhose phone are you using to have a conversation with me now?h
gAh---I seeh
After hearing Kotorifs words, Shidou understood. Now that he thinks about it, he
had heard before that there is a tracking device placed in the phones given to the
Spirits in case any problems come up.
gI sent an organization member there to pick you all up just now; it wonft be long
until they reach there. Please follow the instructions given later. We will deal with
the hospital so, set the tracking deviceh
gAah, I get itcccbut, everyone is injuredccch
gDonft worry. It wonft be as good as <Fraxinus> but, we have medical realizers
here prepared too. They will heal faster here than sleeping in the hospitalh
gI see. Understoodh
Luckily, everyone did not have injuries that would prevent them from moving by
themselves. Shidou looked at everyone before making a soft sigh.
gThe member should be there already. Ifll leave the details laterh
The same time with Kotorifs words, he could hear the sound of a car engine outside.
He stood up from the spot and looked out the window to find several cars instead of
ambulances stopping beside the hospital. Most likely, those were the members
Kotori was talking about.
At that moment, Shidou noticed the surroundings getting darker. The sky was
already dark and the moon could clearly be seen.
gAah, I get it. Then, see you later----g
And.
Shidou finished his greetings and was about to cut the line,
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
225 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
---At that moment.
gGood Work Ellenh
After completing her mission magnificently and finishing several missions, Ellen
suddenly got called by that voice when she entered her hotel room.
When she looked over, she found Isaac Westcott sitting on the roomfs sofa as if he
was waiting for her return.
gIkeh
gThat was a magnificent display of skill. I could only say itfs as expected from youh
gNo, getting hit once was my calculation's mistake. It seems the opponent had an
astounding crew with themh
Westcott made a small smile while shrugging his shoulders when he heard Ellenfs
words.
gSo, is the crew safe?h
gUnknown. I told them to evacuate but, I got refusedh
gI see, now thatfs disappointing. I will pray that many of the crew would surviveh
Westcott mumbled that without any irony mixed in it. Actually, he was being serious.
Ellenfs target this time was <Ratatoskr>fs airship and not its crew members. They
have the power to hinder DEMfs actions, shelter the Spirits; itfs also more
convenient to leave some power around Itsuka Shidou anyway.
Nonetheless, itfs not like all of <Ratatoskr>fs members are packed into that ship.
Even if all the crew members were annihilated, that man----Woodman will skillfully
fill in that gap.
Westcott probably understood that too. In response to those words, gloominess
could be seen on his face.
g---More importantly, Ikeh
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
226 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
gAah, I knowh
When Ellen said that, Westcott tilted his head forward to tell her he knew before
pointing the terminal on the table to Ellen.
A certain image was being shown on screen.
---The appearance of Tobiichi Origami in a pure white Astral dress.
Yes. Ellen also detected a new Reiha reading on the observation device installed in
the ship but------she still doubted her ears when she got the report from HQ.
Thatfs because, Tobiichi Origami turned into a Spirit when she was battling with a
Spirit.
gHaha, this is unexpected even for me too. I never would have thought she would
become a Spirith
After saying that, Westcott made a smile as if he was enjoying this from the bottom
of his heart.
gNo, I should be grieving on the loss of an excellent Wizard here. -----Aah, how
could this happen. She would have definitely been a great addition to our forcesh
gYour mouth is smiling, Ikeh
gOops, my mistakeh
Even though he said that, Westcott did not even try to hide his mouth. Ellen made a
soft sigh before continuing her words.
gSo, where is she now?h
gAah, she was flying around Tenguu city just a while ago but, she suddenly
disappearedh
gHer response disappeared? Does she have the ability to conceal her Reiha?h
gAs expected, you think so too?h
gItfs obvious that we will target her now that she became a Spirit. Itfs only natural to
hide herselfh
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
227 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
gI wonder. Itfs proper to think like that but------Itfs the Spiritfs way of doing things
that makes our imagination ineffective to themh
While saying that, Westcott stood up from the sofa and slowly walked over to the
window.
The cloudless night sky expanded outside the window and one moon was being
enshrined right in the middle.
gShe might unexpectedly be seeing us from thereh
And.
Westcott said that in a joking tone and made a smile,
---At that moment.
gccccWell then, I wonder if Origami achieved her goal.h
Under the moonlight. Sitting at the edge of a buildingfs roof, Kurumi mumbled to
herself.
gUfufu, who knows?h
When she said that, a voice similar to Kurumifs echoed out from her shadow to
reply her.
gItfs probably impossible. The world is tough. The wish of a girl will easily be
grounded into piecesh
gAh-ra, I donft understand. Did you see Origami-san? If she has that much power, it
would be possible for herh
gWhat does [Me] think?h
Next, her talkative clones started talking. Kurumi *fuu* exhaled before shrugging
her shoulders.
gI canft say anything. ----Well, but personally, I wish Origami would achieve her
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
228 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
wishh
When Kurumi said that, her clones in the shadow giggled.
gUfufu, those are words un-like [Me]. Did you get hit by the moonlight?h
How rude.
But, Kurumi did not get mad and raised her lips before looking up at the
magnificent moon floating in the sky.
The moonlight might make a person mad. Then tonight, the whim of the lunatic
Kurumi might have been because she got hit by the moonfs poison.
gWell-----It should be alright. Even I feel like doing that now and thenh
And.
After saying that, Kurumi placed her body weight on her hands and lightly bent her
body,
---At that moment.
The moon floating in the sky---Split in half.
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
229 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
230 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 2
gEhccc..?h
Having seen the sky from the hospital window, Shidou opened his eyes wide at the
sudden event.
The full moon floating in the sky had a crack in it.
Of course, it's impossible for the moon to really split in half. He immediately
noticed a shadow appearing in front of the bright moon.
But-----He had no clue what it is. Itfs not a cloud, a sort of bird nor was it an
airplane. The space was having cracks and that made it look like the moon was
nicely getting cut up.
gWhat, is there something wrong?h
Kotorifs dubious voice could be heard from the phone receiver. But, Shidou could
not reply back.
Next, those cracks eroded the moon and covered the light as if it ate the moon.
No------Shidou noticed something there.
gcc.What is this-----g
It was not only the moon.
The already night sky got covered by those cracks of darkness.
He could finally understand when he focused his eyes. Under the dark sky, an even
darker darkness was being formed like a spider fs nest.
He could not see how big the radius of it was. From what all of what he could see,
the sky was being encroached by darkness. Maybe a city, or a state, or maybe the
whole of Kantou region, or maybe-----
It was spreading wider and wider until it made him think that.
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
231 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
A different color than the night sky was spreading in the sky.
---That instant.
The darkness formed in the sky vibrated like a living-thing and at the same time, the
hospital Shidou and the girls were in was shaking violently.
gWhacc!?h
gGuh-----!h
gE-earthquakec..!?h
gKyaa!h
Everyone panicked; some clung onto the curtain and some even hid under the bed.
ButcccShidou picked up something by instinct. This was not an earthquake.
Immediately when he realized that, an unnatural phenomenon attacked the hospital
Shidou and the girls were in.------condensed darkness poured down from the sky
like a black beam and pierced through the ceiling, and floors before going through
the next floor.
And a few moments later, the beam hit the ground and caused a stronger shake
compared to the previous attack on the groupfs hospital room.
gWhac.! Wha-what is it!?h
For a moment, he thought DEM's Wizards appeared above them and attacked the
group but-----he was wrong.
When he looked out the window, torrents of black beams that attacked the group just
now were pouring down from the sky to destroy the city.
gWha-----g
He was lost for words when he saw that scene.
Several black beams were being pulled to the ground from the sky. Those beams
easily pierced through the buildings lined up and destroyed them all instantaneously.
Trees were mowed down, vehicles exploded, and roads were being crushed. The
quiet city got destroyed in an instant and turned into a chaotic scene from hell.
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
232 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
gWh-whatfs happening, Shidouh
Tohka jumped out of the bed in panic.
As if to show the destruction of the city, a very loud alarm started to rang.
At the same time, an alarm could be heard from the phonefs receiver which was incall.
It was slightly different from the sounds in <Fraxinus> but----there was no
mistake. That alarm signifies the appearance of a Spirit.
gccc.! Kotori, this is-----g
gItfs a Spirit! But, what is with this phenomenonc..! A strong Spirit like this
appearing all of a sudden without anyc.wa-r-ningcch
gcccc?h
Shidou raised his eyebrows when he heard Kotorifs words lose their energy halfway.
gKotori? Oi, whatfs wrongh
gThis readings--------This is not a normal Spirit. This iscan Inverse-typecc!?h
gWhacc!?h
Shidou opened his eyes wide when he heard those words.
Inverse-type. Shidou has only seen one Spirit called like that.
He does not know the details. But, he heard that it will appear when a Spirit was
filled up with deep despair and it will have a power different from its usual self.
And-----itfs also the negative Spirit that the leader of Shidoufs group's enemy--Isaac
Westcott was trying to create.
gWhyccc..Why would something like that appear suddenly! Is this DEMfs
workc..!?h
gI donft know! Anyway, itfs dangerous there! Hurry----g
But the moment Kotori urged him to evacuate. Several rays of light exploded from
the sky and easily destroyed the hospital the group was in. The ground collapsed and
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
233 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
his body was thrown into mid-air. The phone slipped off his hands and flew
somewhere.
gU-uwaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!?h
His body and rubble were falling to the ground.
But, someone suddenly carried him from his stomach and pulled him upwards,
helping Shidou to get through the rain of rubble.
g*Cough*cc.*cough*cc.h
gAre you okay, Shidou!h
After coughing, he looked over to the person and found out it was Tohka. It seems,
she immediately carried Shidou out from the collapsing hospital.
She was in her complete Astral Dress that she manifested. ----yes. In the end, he
could not get a time to be together and hasn't performed the re-sealing for her
Reiryoku.
In the next moment, the other Spirits who were in their limited Astral dress
descended behind Tohka. It seems everyonefs safe.
He let out a relieved sigh for now. But, Shidou and the girls werenft the only ones in
the hospital. There are still many other patients, nurses and doctors; they should be
trapped under the rubble.
gKuhc.Everyone! lend me a hand! We need to get rid of this rubble----g
But, just when Shidou said that, another beam that should be called dark rain
splashed down from the sky again and changed the surrounding scenery. The rubble
broke even more, and it looks as if it the ground was gouged out.
gGuhcc..!h
In this situation, there was no way he could rescue them. No, before even that
problem, the hospital was not the only place getting destroyed; the destruction of the
whole city was spreading out. First off-----they had to do something about the beam
falling down from the sky like rain.
Even though she inversed, the opponent was still a Spirit. Then just like that time
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
234 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
with Tohka, it should be possible to turn her back to normal. Shidou looked up to
the sky and looked at the Spirit for her appearance.
And----
gEhcc..?h
Shidou saw a small shadow in the air and let out an astonished voice.
Inside the black sky. There was one girl, wearing an Astral dress which looks like
itfs the embodiment of darkness floating in the sky.
She was hugging her knees and was looking downwards as if she was rejecting the
outside world while slowly drifting in the sky by defying gravity. And as if to
protect her, the several [Wing] around her were making a circle around her.
From the hell he could see, that place was the only one quiet and calm as if it was
isolated away.
Her appearance----looks like an embryo floating in the water.
But, the Spiritfs weird appearance wasn't the reason why Shidoufs eyes were stolen.
Since she was squatting, he could not see her face and expression.
However, Shidou knew her in one glance.
The name of the girl he had talked to many times.
gOri-gamic..?h
Yes. The Spirit floating in the darkness was Shidoufs classmate-Tobiichi Origami.
gWhatcc.?h
Tohka made a dubious voice. And in the next moment, Kaguya and the others were
gasping in terror.
gWhaccWhat is [That]c.!?h
gDoubt. Master Origamicc..is that you?h
After saying that, she raised her eyebrows in horror. Yoshino's and Mikufs reactions
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
235 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
were similar with Natsumifs.
But, it was only natural.
Even though she was just floating in the air, the overwhelming pressure Origami
was giving off could be understood well by Shidou too.
That was exactly the manifestation of despair. The appearance of the [Devil King]
that would bring destruction to the world.
gWh-whyc..did this-----g
Shidou made a sullen face.
He knew that Origami turned into a Spirit. Even though it was for a moment, Shidou
had seen her and even the girls said that they fought with Origami who was wearing
an Astral Dress.
But, that should still be the same Spirit transformation like Kotori and Miku.
It has only been one evening since Shidou recognized Origami.
---In that short time, does it mean that Origami experienced a despair that would
make her overturn her own existence? In that unbelievable imagination, Shidou
gulped.
gJustccc.what happened to you, Origamicc!h
Shidou shouted. But of course, there was no way his voice would reach Origami.
The arrows of darkness shot from the sky did not weaken and continued
overrunning his familiar city.
If the demon world really existed then the city would be suitably called that. The
scenery was so weird that it made him carry such an obscure thought.
Origami who was rooted to the sky was making the world go crazy by making
black trees grow out from the ground.
A few minutes ago, the city Shidou was familiar with, has turned into a den of
chaotic despair.
gOrigamic..!h
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
236 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
Shidou managed to bring his collapsing body up and shouted once more.
That Origami has a strong mentality but, itfs still unbelievable for him that she
turned into that. He could not imagine what had happened to her. Shidou felt an
illusion as if his heart was breaking when he saw her like that.
However, Shidou canft fall to his knees now.
Itfs true that the situation was hopeless. But, If Origami was the inverse Spirit then---
--there is still a way left.
The girls probably knew that too, they nodded while looking over to Shidoufs
direction.
g-----I donft know what happened to Tobiichi Origami but, the only human that can
make her sane again would be you Shidouh
gcc..aah, thatfs righth
After he nodded, the Yamai sisters looked at each other as if they got affected by
Tohka and Shidoufs words. They poured strength into their body to hold down their
trembling legs before standing beside Shidou on each side.
gKac..kaka, its good you know. If you even spout even one cowardly line, I would
forcefully drag you up to the skyh
gContractcccYuguru and Kaguya will bring you to Master Origami.----Shidou,
please wake Master Origami uph
As if to respond to her voice, Tohka manifested <Sandalphon> and readied it with
both her hands. Next off, Kaguya and Yuzuru joined their hands before the nearby
wind started to swirl and made Shidoufs body float up.
gKaguya, Yuzurucccsorry for making you two join thish
gFu-fuun, donft worry about ith
gConsent. As payment, please help Master Origamih
gc.Aah!h
At that moment, a valor song started echoing. At the same time, he felt that the glow
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
237 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
coming from the Astral Dress Tohka and the Yamai sisters were wearing turned
stronger.
gMiku!h
gUfufu. Itfll be a problem if you forget about meh
After saying that, Miku showed a smile.
After she did that, Natsumi and Yoshino also raised their voice too next.
gF-for the groundccccplease leave it to mecc.. I think I can block some of
the beams with <Zadkiel>fs barriercc!h
gccc..Fuun, Ifll help out since I have no choice. I will turn the rubble into fluffy
cottonh
gYoshinocc..Natsumicc..h
After Shidou sucked in air, he slowly exhaled it out.
Shidou was not the only one. That was very re-assuring for him.
gThankscceveryoneh
After Shidou said that, everyone smiled-----and looked upwards to Origami.
gWell---------Letfs go! I will open the path! Follow me!h
Tohka shouted and jumped up to the sky after kicking the ground.
gYeah!h
gUnderstood. *Toou*h
As if to continue after that, the wind covered Kaguya and Yuzuru before they flew to
the sky. At the same time, Shidoufs body floated up like them while he was being
carried in the wind they made.
gUuooccc!h
Even though he turned over from the unfamiliar feeling, he somehow managed to
regain his balance. Looking at his state, the Yamai Sister fs laughed.
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
238 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
gYou can fly well unexpectedly, Shidouh
gPraise. How skillfulh
gcc..well thanksh
He replied back while sweat was flowing down like he was being treated like a child.
However, that conversation did not last long. Origami probably judged them as a
threat when they were flying towards her. The several black [Wing] floating
systematically around the squatting Origami changed their trajectory as if they got
stimulated suddenly and pointed their tip towards them.
Black beams were fired from those tips all together at once.
gKuhcc.!h
Clusters of darkness with a more condensed power compared to the [Rain] falling
down attacked the group. Of course for Shidou too, everything would end if the
Yamai sisters in their manifested limit Astral dress gets a direct hit.
---But, now.
gHaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa-------!!h
Tohka brandished her sword together with a loud shout while she was flying in
front of Shidou and the girls. And following her sword's movements, the Reiryoku
slash was released, countering the approaching attacks.
gTohka!h
gTake the chance when I block the attacks, and go! cc..I wonft last long.h
Tohka made a painful expression while readying her sword again-----when he
looked carefully at her, he found several parts of her Astral dress broken and Tohka
had painful wounds on her skin.
Even if Tohka was able to manifest her complete Astral dress, there was no way she
could fill in the gaps of the overwhelming number of attacks. Whatfs more, Tohka
was in a condition where the wounds she got from the fight she had with Origami
previously were not healed yet. It was by no means a situation where a wrong
decision could be forgiven.
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
239 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
gcccuhh
Shidou frowned his face in reflex. However, he shook his face immediately and
raised his voice.
gKaguya! Yuzuru! Please!h
There was no way he would not feel uneasy at all at Tohkafs painful appearance
even though she has her full powers back. There was no way his heart wouldn't feel
painful; that he had to leave this place to Tohka and move on ahead.
But, Shidou still had to go on. He had to return Origami back into Origami as fast as
possible. That is the only way to repay everyone for lending him their powers.
gLeave it to me!h
gUnderstood. Letfs goh
The Yamai sisters probably knew Shidoufs determination and nodded without even a
pinch of hesitation before twisting their body in the sky and charged towards
Origami with a tremendous speed after coming out of Tohkafs shadow.
But, at that moment.
g-----This is a problem, we canft have you hurting an inverse-typeh
Just when that unexpected voice echoed, a slash came from downwards. The barrier
of wind carrying Shidou got dispelled, and Shidoufs body got thrown into the air.
gGuhccc.!?h
gShidou!h
gRescue. <Raphael>----[El Nahash]!h
However, the floating feeling was just for a moment. The Pendulum Yuzuru shot
from above appeared and covered Shidoufs body in wind again.
Nonetheless, the dangerous situation did not change. Shidou distorted his expression
while glaring at the owner of the voice that appeared out of nowhere.
gEllencc..Mathersccc.!h
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
240 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
Yes. The person that appeared was a DEM wizard in a white CR-unit----Ellen
Mathers.
gLong time no see, Itsuka Shidouh
gcccc.I never wanted to see you again thoughh
Even though Shidou said it in detest, Ellen looked behind without giving him any
attention and----took a glance at the crouching Origami.
g------Itfs a beautiful Inverse-type, not inferior to <Princess>fs at that time. Ike
would be very happy with thish
gccccc Donft screw with me! I am not handing Origami to you!h
gYou wonft achieve anything by howling loudly. Quietly-----g
g----Uooryaaaaaaaaaa!h
In an instant, a loud shout echoed to interrupt Ellenfs words.----It was Kaguya.
Having manifested a giant lance Angel, Kaguya charged at Ellen with tremendous
speed.
Of course, Kaguya canft take on Ellen now that she could only swing her powers in
limit form. Actually, Ellen easily blocked Kaguyafs charge attack with the laser
blade she was holding.
gTsk----g
However, she managed to create a chance from the strongest Wizard with that
sudden Angel charge attack, even though it was for an instant.
g-----Yuzuru!h
gRespond. Touuh
In the timing as if she knew Kaguyafs surprise attack, Yuzuru spun her body in the
spot.
When she did that, Shidoufs body which was being supported by Yuzurufs pendulum
got shot towards Origami like a marble flicked by a finger.
gGuhccc.!?h
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
241 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
Gravity suddenly attacked his body and it almost caused him to faint but------he
somehow managed to resist it by biting his tongue in his mouth. There was no way
he could let go of the good opportunity and time created by Kaguya and Yuzurufs
sacrifice with such a reason.
Shidou advanced with the windfs energy and----approached Origami.
Instantly, Shidou was wrapped in a weird float. He was ignoring gravity; it was a
weird feeling different from the feeling when he was being covered in the Yamaifs
wind.
Even though he raised his eye brows at the feeling as if he got lost in another world
for a moment, he immediately recalled back on what he should be doing.
gOrigami!h
Shidou called out Origamifs name when he saw her hugging her knees while
squatting in front of him.
However, there was no response.
gOrigami, itfs me! Itfs Shidou! Can you hear me!?h
Even though he shook her shoulders, the results were the same. As if she could not
hear anything, she remained lifeless and would not even move.
It was clearly a weird situation. Just what could cause that Origami to become like
this. Shidou clenched his teeth and made a sullen face.
But, he had no time to be leisurely. Everyone worked hard to help Shidou reach
there. Shidou started thinking desperately for a way to break this situation.
gccccc, thatfs right-----g
He then recalled something-----about the time he dealt with an Inverse-type Spirit.
A few months ago from now, there was a time when Tohka inversed just like
Origami.
At that time, forget about everyone, Tohka even forgotten about her own name and
just like what it meant; she turned into someone else.
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
242 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
At that time, the method Shidou used to turn Tohka back to normal----and
miraculously enough, it was the same method to seal a Spirit.
Which means----A kiss.
He could not be sure if he was able to seal her Reiryoku. But, it was possible enough
to bring back Origamifs consciousness like the time with Tohka.
gcccc., Alrightcc..!h
The situation was very grim. After Shidou made his decision, he touched Origamifs
head with his hands and lifted her face which was looking downwards.
But---At that instant.
gcccc..uhh
Shidou felt an impact as if his heart got grabbed tightly and his body froze.
The reason was simple. It was Origamifs----face.
Her face structure was no different from the normal Origami in his memories.
Shefs the beautiful girl that looks like a doll.
But her expression.
gOricc..gamicc?h
He said it in a blank tone.
Lightless eyes. Her cheeks were ruined with tears. Dry lips.
She had a dead face as if she seen all kinds of despair in this world. If a stranger
sees her, they would probably mistake her as a corpse; and it wonft be a joke.
For a moment, Shidou intuitively found out something.
---Origami was in an unrecoverable situation.
gO-icc.Ori,gamicc..h
His voice leaked out powerlessly.
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
243 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
At that moment, Shidoufs body which was covered with a weird float suddenly fell
towards the ground as if the existence of gravity came back. ------It was as if,
Shidoufs broken heart was found out.
gU-uwaaaaaaaaaaaaah!?h
After Shidou fell down, he crashed to the ground like that.
gGuahcc.!h
Tremendous pain and impact assaulted his body and it made him immobile. His
consciousness turned hazy and he could not breathe for a while.
But not long later, another feeling other than pain was born in Shidoufs body. -----It
was a scorching heat enough to make him scream out.
But, those flames werenft there to burn Shidoufs body. It was the healing flames
given by the Spirit of flames-Kotori.
After Shidou clenched his teeth from the scorching feeling, he raised his body while
his breathing was rough.
All of the wounds formed on his body, his crumbled bones, and several internal
organs healed. Shidou calmed his breathing before placing his hands on his
forehead.
gcccc.uhh
The face of Origami he saw just now was burned into his mind and would not leave
him. She had dead eyes filled with deep darkness.
There was no disappointment or bad intentions. There was nothing there at all.
She had an empty face as if she threw everything about herself away.
Shidou had no idea on what to say to Origami when shefs like that.
gDamn-----g
However. Shidou swung his head to deny the resignation that passed by his mind.
If Shidou gives up then at that moment, everything about Origami will end. The
Origami Shidou knew about will never come back.
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
244 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
And thatfs something----He will never allow happen.
Shefs calm, frank, and extremely bad with Tohka, most of her actions are extreme,
and would always cause trouble for Shidou----but, he does not want to lose that
clumsy girl.
After Shidou made a thin sigh to calm his heart, he lifted his face.
Origami who was acting like an embryo was still floating in the middle of the sky.
Around her, Tohka and the Yamai sisters were having a chaotic battle with the
countless [Wing] and Ellen.
What should he do? He could not give out a clear answer. But, it was clear that he
has to reach Origami once more time.
But, the moment Shidou stepped out again, the several units of [Wing] up in the sky
pointed its tips at Shidou.
gWha-----!h
Shidou gasped. Several ideas ran around in his mind instantly. Just how would he
defend against her attacks? Manifest <Sandalphon> and strike down the [Wing]?
Make a shield with <Zadkiel>?
Or recklessly withstand it by counting on the recovery abilities given by Kotori?
Various thoughts came and went.
However, when he was doing that, darkness lighted at the tips of the [Wing] and
released it accurately at Shidou after taking a good aim.
gKuhcc..!h
He steeled his body for the incoming attack.
However----The attack he predicted did not come.
The moment the [Wing] was about to shoot its beam, a light of Maryoku was
splashed from the right side and blasted away the [Wing] pointed its tips towards
Shidou.
gThis isccch
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
245 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
When he looked over there, he saw a giant airship with severe damage on its frame
somehow maintaining its Territory .
g<Fraxinus>!?h
He called out its name by reflex.
Yes. The object floating there was the <Fraxinus> which was supposed to be in a
half-destroyed state from the fight with DEMfs ship.
g-----Like I thought, you were being recklessh
He could hear Kotorifs tired voice coming from <Fraxinus>fs outer speaker.
gKotori!h
gRetreat for now-----Thatfs what I want to do but, looks like the situation wonft
allow any leisure huh. Since the teleporter is active we will pick you up and send
you to Tobiichi Origami----g
But.
Before Kotori could finish her words, the [Wing] that <Fraxinus> blew away with
their attack, performed complex trajectories in the skies and deployed around
<Fraxinus>.
gKuh------!h
Kotorifs anguish groan leaked out from the speaker.
But------That was all he could hear.
The several [Wing] hovering in the sky fired beams all at once at <Fraxinus>, and
easily broke the Territory before the beams pierced through the ship, which was
worn-out from four sides.
gUh! Kotori!!h
There was no answer even though he shouted.
Having been pierced by the power beams fired all at once, <Fraxinus> fell towards
the ground with flames and smoke coming from every part of its frame.
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
246 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
gKotori-----Kotoriiiiiiiiiiiiiiii!!h
After Shidou let out a shrill shout, he ran towards the direction that <Fraxinus> was
falling to while he was in his half-conscious state.
No----more specifically, he was about to run to them.
gEhccc?
He raised his eyebrows at the weird feeling assaulting his body.
The moment Shidou was about to move from the spot, his body suddenly became
heavy and caused him to be immobile.
gWha-what the heckcccis thisccc.h
His body lost its energy and it became hard to maintain his posture. Shidou fell to
his knees in reflex.
gGuhcc., ahccch
He distorted his face while pouring strength into his legs to somehow bring himself
up. But, the tremendous weariness curling around Shidoufs body increased its
influence as if to discourage Shidou.
Yes-----he felt his energy was getting sucked away by someone.
gDonft tell me, this iscch
Having reached that thought, Shidou let out a painful voice and lowered his sights to
the ground.
He then noticed something weird.
The place Shidou was at was destroyed and was lighted by sparks coming from
destroyed street lights but------a shadow continued lurking at the ground.
The same time he found that out, the shadow under Shidoufs foot swell like a living
thing and one girl crawled out from it.
It was a beautiful girl in a black and red dress; she was so beautiful that it gave him
the chills. Her eyes were different, her hair was tied up and her left eye carved with
the clock numbers was characteristic.
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
247 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
gKurumic..!h
gUfufucccLong time no see, Shidou-sanh
The girl------Kurumi giggled before lifting the hem of her skirt and bending her
knees exaggeratedly.
gYoucccc.What, do you wantcc! At a time like, this----g
Shidou distorted his expression and said that.
Yes. Shidou remembered about the shadow spread out under his foot. . Itfs the field
Kurumi uses to suck [Time] from humans.
Howevercccc..the effect was in a completely different level compared to what
Shidou saw before. Having sealed the powers of several Spirits, although he was
feeling tired; it was possible for Shidou to move inside the field. However-----this
was clearly different. It has an overwhelming power as if it was stealing Shidoufs
life by the roots. Shidou could not move normally and was stuck on the spot.
Kurumi took on an elegant pose and smiled when she heard Shidoufs words.
gOh my, you said something strange. Donft tell me a wonderful person like Shidousan
would forget my goal?h
gcccccchh
Shidou gasped.
Kurumifs goal. Thatfs------to eat Shidou, and gain the Reiryoku of the Spirits sealed
in Shidoufs body. Of course, there was no way he forgot about that.
Kurumifs smile broadens.
gAt a time like thisccc..you say that right? Ufufu, itfs the exact opposite you
know? The Spiritfs look like they are busy. Therefs no way I wonft let this good
chance to get away right?h
After saying that, Kurumi walked over to Shidou who has fallen to his knees and
lifted Shidoufs face with bewitching hand movements.
gGuhccc!h
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
248 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
Kurumifs word might be true. Itfs not like Kurumi was their comrades nor was she
affiliated with DEM. Their situation was probably not related to Kurumi. Instead, it
was an extremely normal thought to take advantage of this chaos to achieve her
goal.
ButccccShidou couldn't afford to stop now.
gKurumic..! Please! Donft disturb me!h
After Shidou shouted, Kurumi shrug her shoulders as if his reaction was interesting.
gOh my oh my, Itfs sad to have Shidou-san saying that to me.-----In what form am I
disturbing you?h
gIcccc.I have to save Kotori and the others! I have to save Tohka and the girls!
Also-----I have to go to Origami no matter what! If not, Origami is going to-----g
gAahccc.h
Kurumi leaked out a tired sigh when she heard Shidoufs words before narrowing
her eyes while looking behind----to take a glance at Origami.
Her playful attitude from just now vanished and she continued talking in a soft tone.
g----Itfs uselessh
gHuh-----?h
Shidou brought his eyebrows closer when he heard Kurumifs words.
gEverything you do becomes meaningless once you become like that. No voice can
reach Origami-san now. -----and even if itfs Shidou-san tooh
gTch, Thatfs-----You wonft know unless you try---rig-hth
Shidou stopped his words half way to stop disheartening himself.
Itfs not like he gave up and itfs not like all his energy was sucked up by her <Time
Devouring Castle>.
But, Kurumi was making a discouraged face which Shidou has not seen before
while biting her own thumb.
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
249 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
gccccSeriously, what did she find out at that timeh
gEhcccc?h
Not understanding what Kurumi meant, he made a dubious face.
However, Kurumi did not reply and sighed.
gWell------anyway. I will do what I should be doingh
After she said that, Kurumi took a step back and raised both her hands.
As if to match her actions, 2 slender guns flew out from the shadows under her feet
and settled in Kurumifs hands.
One was a long infantry gun. The other one was a short gun. Both of them had
delicate antique designs carved; they were guns from the olden ages.
Next off, a giant clock with clock numbers on it appeared from the shadows.
<Zafkiel>. The time controlling Angel, Kurumi owns.
gCome, come, <Zafkiel>. Let us beginh
After she said that, <Zafkiel> vibrated by responding to Kurumifs words and
shadows seeped out from the clock numbers before settling inside her guns through
the muzzles.
Kurumi then distorted her lips to a smile and pointed two slender guns towards
Shidou.
gccWha!h
Shidou opened his eyes in reflex at her unexpected actions.
Kurumifs goal was to steal the Reiryoku from Shidou. He could not understand
Kurumifs action for a moment and became dumbfounded.
But, he did not have the leisure to talk. He has no clue what kind of effect the bullet
loaded in Kurumifs gun has but, itfs not hard to imagine that its effect would be to
disadvantage Shidou.
Shidou grit his teeth and poured his strength into his body to get away from the
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
250 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
place by crawling out of the ground.
gOri-gamicc!h
Yes. Shidou must not get shot here. He has to climb back up to the sky to save
Origami.
But, Kurumifs voice echoed as if to laugh at Shidoufs determination.
gThatfs why I told you.-----everything you do becomes meaningless once you
become like thath
At the same time, Kurumi pulled the trigger without any hesitation. The percussion
hammer fell and a bullet was shot.
The concentrated shadow bullet left a path in the black air and pierced through
Shidou who was trying to run away.
gGuhccc.!?h
Shidou made a painful expression but-----he immediately brought his eyebrows
closer at the weird feeling.
It did not hurt at all even though he took a direct hit from the bullet.
For a moment there, he thought Kotorifs recovery powers immediately activated
butcche was wrong. There wasnft the scorching feeling when his wounds are
healing.
But even so, Shidoufs [Time] did not come back, advance, or stop. At the very least
Shidou could not find any aftereffects from the bullet by his cognition.
gKuruccc..mi? What are you planning to docc?h
After Shidou turned to Kurumi when he felt dubious, at that moment, Kurumi made
a charming smile and placed her finger into the trigger hole of the other slender
gun.
gUfufu, thatfs right huh, I guess in your words it would be----g
She then smiled.
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
251 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
gOkay then-----Letfs begin our war?h
Kurumi pulled the trigger.
gcccc..uh!?h
The black bullet pierced his forehead.
Just like the bullet just now, this bullet did not hurt even though it landed.
But------
gUcccAhcccuhccc?h
The moment the bullet was shot into his head, Shidou felt a weird feeling as if his
body turned into a gel state and was shoved into a mixer before stirred recklessly.
He lost his sense of balance, and could not distinguish up from down. His feelings
turned weak as if his consciousness was getting cut into small pieces and-----Shidou
fainted.
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
252 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
253 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 3
---His consciousness which has fallen into the darkness slowly came back.
During that event, the first thing Shidou felt was it was hot.
Nonetheless, it was not like severe heat like Kotorifs flames. It was lower in
temperature and it felt like the heat from a distant fire.
gcccc..?h
After a few seconds. Shidou slightly opened his eyelids.
gcccc!h
But, he immediately closed his eyes.
The reason was simple. The moment he opened his eyelids, a blinding light flew
into his view and it burned his eyes which became used to darkness.
gWh-whatc?h
Shidou was in disclosure while he immersed himself in thought. What was that
lightcc?
For a moment, Shidou thought he was secured by the hospital or the <Rataoskr>
underground facility, and was placed on top a surgery table after losing
consciousness from getting shot by Kurumi.
But-----he immediately found out that his imagination was wrong.
His eardrums captured the sound of bugs.
gcccc.Cicada?h
Shidou twist his head and opened his eyelids while placing the palms of his hands in
front of his eyes to make a shade.
When he did that, he found out he was outside----and whatfs more, he was sleeping
in the middle of the road.
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
254 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
Adding on, the sun was shining brilliantly and was illumination his surroundings.
gHuhccc? Ehccc..?h
After Shidou raised his body, he looked around restlessly.
Shidou thought it became day time when he was unconscious but-----he was wrong.
The world Shidou was in right now was clearly weird.
gWhyccc.The city isnft destroyedcc?h
Yes. The city that Origami mercilessly destroyed was back to normal.
Shidou raised his eyebrows in doubt while looking at his surroundings again to
grasp the situation.
The place Shidou was lying down was a path with little people passing by. Even if
the exposure from the sun was not that bad, sunlight was pouring down reaching to
every corners of the roadccccrather, it was just a little hot. Just like summer
time.
At that moment, Shidou recalled something he realized just now. ----Yes. Voices of
various species of cicadas were echoing.
Adding on, green trees could be seen growing beside the road, and the pedestrians
were wearing short sleeved clothing.
gccccc.What the heck is thish
Shidou was making a surprised expression while he was using his sweaty shirt to
fan himself.
Itfs likecc.Forget that, it really is summer.
---Weird. This is clearly weird. Shidou placed his hands on his forehead and started
thinking.
If Shidoufs memories were correct, then itfs November now. Itfs the time when red
leaves should be gone and the footsteps of winter are approaching.
But, the scenery expanding in his view could only be seen as summer.
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
255 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
gNocmore importantlyh
Shidou swung his head.
Itfs true that he canft ignore this important problem. But, there was something he had
to confirm first now.
Of course----It was about Tohka, Origami and the others.
gTohka! Origami!h
After Shidou stood up while staggering, he raised his voice.
But, there was no reply.
gKotori! Yoshino! Natsumi! Miku! Kaguya! Yuzuru!..........Kurumii! Anyone! Is there
anyone!?h
Even though he shouted, there was no one that would respond to his call. There were
several pedestrians looking at him with a suspicious sight as if they noticed
Shidoufs existence because of his voice.
gDamn, Just what is going on hereccc..!h
Shidou clenched his fist and punched a block wall in irritation.
If his hand didn't hurt then, he might be able to laugh off this situation as a dream.
But, the dull pain when he punched the concrete was immediately felt at his harden
fingers.
gKuhcccch
Then, the world that Shidou has been seeing until now might be a dream instead?
Origami turning into a Spirit was just a nonsensical event and all of that just
happened inside Shidoufs head? He know that this was not true and that unavoidable
thought was erased.
What was with this place? Where did Tohka, Origami and the others go? Why is the
season different?
---He had no idea on what was happening to his body.
gcc..Guhh
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
256 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
But, he wonft understand anything if he stands stills there.
Shidou must get as much information possible, so he walked forward in an unsteady
state.
And not long later, he reached an open space. It was a wide main street. There were
various shops lined up on both sides on the road and many people were coming and
going.
gThisc..isccc..h
At that moment. Shidou brought his eyebrows closer.
He felt the scenery was familiar.
gTenguu Cityc..rightcc.?h
Yes. This was definitely Tenguu city. This was the road Shidou has passed by
countless times already.
Butccweird. Somethingfs weird.
The buildings that should be familiar to him wereccc..somehow clashing with
his memories.
Since he was not conscious of the buildings' minor details when passing through, he
could not clearly designate which parts were different but----It was a weird feeling,
as if he had made his way into a parallel world that looks like his world.
After Shidou tried searching for the identity of that weird feeling, he walked
forward while looking at his surroundings attentively.
At that moment.
gUwahccc.!h
gKyaa!h
Shidou looked around restlessly while walking and ended up bumping into a girl
walking in front him. The girl fell on her butt and the memo she held fell to the
ground.
gSo-sorry, I was daydreamingc..!h
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
257 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
gAh, no, I apologize tooh
When Shidou apologized in panic, the girl immediately stood up and bow down.
Shidou bent down and picked up the memo that fell onto the ground before handing
it to the girl.
Butcccc.at that moment, he froze.
The reason was simple. He knows this small girl wearing glasses.
gccc.Ta-Tama-chan?h
Yes. It was Shidoufs homeroom teacher-Okamine Tamae.
gHeh?h
However, Tama-chan-sensei opened her eyes wide in an unexpected manner.
gYouccc.How did you know my nickname?h
After saying that, she tilted her head. Shidou made a surprised expression.
gHuhc.? No, what are you saying? Itfs me. Itsuka Shidouh
gErrrrccc..h
After Tama-chan-sensei thought for a while, she opened her eyes wide as if she
suddenly realized something and immediately *Poh*ccc.her cheeks turned red.
gI-is this perhaps, that? Are you hitting on me?h
gEh?h
Even though Shidou brought his eyebrows closer, it seems that Tama-chan did not
worry about it. She was being bashful and continued her words.
gIyaaa, it really happens huh, this kind of stuff. Ufufu, oh this is embarrassing. Ah,
but how old are you? I am often mistaken as underage but, I am already 24 you
know?h
gcccc.no, please donft deflate your age by 5 yearsh
Shidou opened his eyes half-way and said that while sweat was flowing down his
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
258 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
forehead. Speaking of the famous teacher Tama-chan of Raizen high school, shefs a
maiden at the critical age of 29 years old. Everyone in the class knows that.
However, the moment Shidou said that, Tama-chanfs [Mumuu!] turned stern.
gWha, I did not deflate my age, how rude!h
gNo no no, thatfs because Sensei should be 29cc.h
gAre you saying that again! Enough! Please give me back my memo!h
Tama-chan pulled away the memo from Shidoufs hands. She then opened it while
complaining and started walking to brush aside Shidou while lowering her sights.
gHow rude of you. To a girl you first metcc..h
gcccc..uhh
When Tama-chan passed by Shidou, he opened his eyes wide when he saw the date
in her opened memo.
gHuhc..!?h
gWh-what is itcc.?h
Tama-chan sent a dubious sight when she saw Shidou suddenly raise a stupid voice.
But the current Shidou did not worry about that. There was only one point----the
number printed in the memo was controlling Shidoufs consciousness.
gSo-Sorry, andc..Is that [Today]fs page?h
gYescc.? What are you saying? Itfs obvious right?h
After Tama-chan made a suspicious face, she opened her memo and showed Shidou.
Shidou brought his face closer to the page and started at the date printed into the
paper.
And.
gcc.., 5 years agoc.?h
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
259 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
He mumbled blankly.
Yes. The date written was from 5 years ago.
To be continued
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
260 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
Afterwords
How do you do. My favorite lost ship is [Ragudo Mezegis]. Itfs Tachibana Koushi.
Okay with that said, itfs finally Volume 10. Itfs has entered the grand double-digit.
And reaching this point, we have Origami as the cover page. Itfs interesting that
Volume 1 was Tohka and Volume 10 is Tobiichi.
Itfs finally the Origami volume. Since the plot of the story is different from the
beginning season of [Date], it was quite fun to write it. Origamifs cover page was
seriously cool. Incidentally, the concept for the Astral Dress this time is Angel +
Wedding dress. Tsunako-san drew a beautiful illustration this time too. However,
Origami in a wedding dresscccctherefs an evil feeling coming from it
*Mepo*. Ah, this is a completely irrelevant talk but, there was a case
wherecccca marriage registration form with false information was submitted
without the person knowing and all of a sudden, the victim ended up being
someonefs spouse. Thatfs scary. We have to be careful. Well, thatfs totally irreverent
to this though.
Well then, the afterwords page this time is longer than usual this time but, since
there is a lot of announcement and information to match up with the length, I think
of introducing it by time period.
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
261 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
Volume 0
This starts first.
[Date A Live] Volume 0 Ver.2.0 will be released at the same time with Dragon
Magazine May as an appendix.
Last time, the project [Date A Live] Volume 0 which was distributed to 1000 people;
will now become a special book with the short stories which were distributed in
other events! The magazine will be gone from shops if you miss the chance so,
please hurry to the bookstore if you are interested!
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
262 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
DAS Volume 4
The [Date A Strike] by Oniyasu Kakashi-san thatfs being serialized in dragon ace
has finally ended! Oniyasu-san, thank you for your hot and cute manga!
And for the last volume 4, it will be in sale starting in 8 March 2014! Please see for
yourself on how the [Date] unfolded by the ASTfs ends!
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
263 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
Comic Volume 1
The comic first volume of [Date A Live] serialized in Shounen ace will be in sale on
26 March 2014. Please look forward to the stylish [Date] drawn by Inui Sekihikosan!
And also, there is a purchasing campaign with this comic [Date] Volume 1 will and
[Date] Volume 10 getting sold at the same time!
When you submit the application attached on the wrapper, you might get a B0
tapestry drawn by Tsunako-san in a lottery! Itfs a B0 you know a B0. Please think of
a notebook size. Thatfs around B5. Put two notebooks together and its B4. Double it
to get B3, double it again to get B2, another double and its B1, another level will be
the B0. This means, itfs going to be 32 times bigger than a notebook. Basically, its
super giant. And itfs drawn! This is definitely a must to apply!
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
264 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
Anime Second Season
And for the television animation [Date A Live II], it will be broadcasting starting
from April 2014. New characters from Volume 5 above like the Yamai Sisters and
Miku will be talking, moving, singing, and dancing. The staff and cast worked hard
on this so please look forward for it!!
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
265 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
Game second bullet
The game [Date A Live Ars Install] for the Playstation 3 will be in sale by Compile
heart-sama in summer 2014! Just like the [Rinne Utopia], the characters draft and
story draft will be affecting each other. It is currently in grand development so
please look forward for it!!
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
266 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
Letfs Party
This will be the last but, a Spin-off comic of [Date] called [Date A Party] will be
serialized in Dragon Age! The cute pictures will be drawn by Hinamori Yui-san, Itfs
going to be the laidback life (?) of the characters in [Date]! Pleasure to be working
with you!
Fuu. Using 3 pages for an announcement sure is luxurious.
Well then, I am once again able to release a book thanks to the effort of several
people. Tsunako-san, editor, designer-san, people from the editorial department,
every other people related to [Date], and also the readers you have this book in their
hands; I thank you from the bottom of my heart. The reason why I am able to get the
[Date] number up to Volume 10 is unmistakably everyonefs power. I am really
thankful.
This volume is kind of like the final volume but, the series will go on.
And now, for Volume 11. What are you going to do Shidou-kun (Other people
problem)? Canft look away huh.
Okay, I hope we can meet again.
Febuary 2014 Tachibana Koushi.
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
267 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations
Translation Notes and References
Chapter 1:
1. ª reference to Volume 8
2. ª ˆŸˆß-Ai's name sounds like the word Ai-iˆ¤j
3. ª ˆ¤-love
4. ª Lesbian
Chapter 2:
1. ª Word-play ‚«‚È‚±--> soy flour
Chapter 3:
1. ª Word play- She used Dried Chicken-Æ‚èŒ{[ which sounds like Territory
Back to Volume 9 Return to Main Page Forward to Volume 11
Date A Live Volume 10 "Tobiichi Angel"
268 of 268 converted by Infinite Creations