Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
1 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
2 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
3 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
4 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
5 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
6 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
7 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Chapter 6:Little MonstersThe Children
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
8 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
9 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 1
29th October, Sunday.
There is an uproar right now inside the Itsuka house.
gshidou! I am hungry, shidou!h
gShidou, I want to pee. I canft go alone. Follow me, Shidouh
gDarling! darling!h
gE-eerrcc.Shidou-sanccc..h
gEveryone calm down! Wait, ah! Kaguya, Isnft that my chupa chups!h
gShidou! I want to eat rice, Shidou!h
gKuku, you baby. Donft be bound to such trivial matters, you will be disclosed as a
pygmy you know?h
gConsent. Isnft one okayh
gWait, you two! Give that back!h
gUuccc..ueeeeeeeccccch
gAaaaah, here, itfs okay, itfs okayh
gShidou, itfs going to leakh
gKu-kukuku! I will not return it back once it has fallen to my hands!h
gEscape. Catch me if you want it back.h
gDarling! Darling!h
gcccccc.h
Naturally, Itsuka Shidou was carrying his head while letting sweat drop down his
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
10 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
cheeks.
Even though he has a headache from the lack of sleep under normal circumstances,
the continuous echoing high pitched voice, and *bata**bata* footsteps were
mercilessly hitting it. Incidentally, 4 sides of his shirts hem was being pulled from
just now and is seemingly being stretched.
Inside the Itsuka house living room right now, there were 7 small demonscccc
rather, small girls there.
Everyonefs age is most likely around 10 years old. It is an age which causes a lot of
problem even under normal situation. In addition, each one of them would cry,
shout, pull Shidou, and chase each other as they please. Being charged to look after
these girls starting from a few days back, Shidoufs fatigue can easily be guessed.
But, that was only normal. Itfs not like the girls wanted to be like this. Shidou made a
small sigh before lifting his face, looking at the little monsters rampaging in the
living room.
One was calling him repeatedly because she was hungry, and is a beautiful girl with
long black hair and crystal eyes.
One has been persistently trying to invite Shidou to the toilet from just now, and is
an expressionless girl that looks like a doll.
One is a girl wearing a puppet in her left hand and looks like she is about to cry any
moment soon.
One is a proud looking girl with her hair tied into two sides while eating chupa
chups.
One is prank loving girl which is in the middle of escaping from the previous girl
because she stole a candy.
One is a girl with a blank expression and has the face similar to the prank loving
girl.
One is a girl with a very beautiful voice and is a little taller than everyone else.
Everyone would be very cute girls if they kept quiet. But--------the important thing
wasnft that. Shidou looked at the girls by order and gulped. Shidou was familiar
with these girlsf faces.
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
11 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Tohka, Origami, Yoshino, Kotori, Kaguya, Yuzuru, and also, Miku.
Yes. These girls are Shidoufs friends or sisters, and completely have the same body
characteristics.
If others who does not know anything about the situation sees this, they would
probably think they are relatives or possibly someone else who miraculously look
like them.
But, Shidou knows. These girls are unmistakably the real persons themselves.
If thinking normally, this would be an unthinkable phenomenon. Normally, the body
of living things will, grow or age as time passes. But even so, Tohka and the group
were turned into children as if their time was turned back by a few yearsf worth.
Noccc.more specifically, that representation might not be a random one.
Shidou does not know whether if the Tohka, Yoshino and the others spirit bodies
grow just like humans as time passes. He has no confirmation whether Tohka and
the group looked like this few years back ago.
Which means, rather than them having their times turned back, their bodies were
[Transformed] into bodies of a child.
gWhy wouldcccNatsumi do thiscccc..h
My mind turned towards the witch figured girl and I muttered to myself.
Few days from right now. Shidou had a match with a spirit called Natsumi-------and
achieved victory.
However after that, Natsumi transformed the body of everyone in that area before
disappearing to somewhere.
As a result, from that day onwards, the situation in the Itsuka house has simply
become a nursery.
gShidou! Shidou!h
gShidou, I am almost at my limith
gU-uuucccch
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
12 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gWhy you, stop right there!h
gFuhahaha! Come over here!h
gScorn. Is that all?h
gDarling! Darling!h
gI get it! I get it so everyone please calm down for a whilecccc.!h
Being pulled in four sides, even though his body was being swayed, he shouted.
However, everyone totally did not quiet down.
And.
gcccccsorry to bother youh
When Shidou was in great perplexity like a homeroom teacher in a chaotic class, the
living room door opened suddenly and one woman came in.
Having hair settled randomly and sleepy eyes decorated with splendid shades. In her
chest pocket, there is a teddy bear with many scars stuffed in there. She is Shidoufs
class vice-homeroom teacher and also the analyst officer of the secret organization
<Ratatoskr>, Murasame Reine.
gReine-san!h
gccccyou looked troubled, Shinh
After Reine said that, she looked around the living room to understand the situation
before, slowly extending her hands out forward slowly. She then caught the nape of
the neck of the Yamai sisters running around the living room and stopped their
movements.
gNowaah!?h
gImpact. Kuhahh
Suddenly having their movements stopped, Kaguya and Yuzuru opened their eyes
confused. But, after Reine gone down to her knees in a cool manner, she gently
persuaded them by looking both of them at the eye.
gcccccc.Kaguya, Yuzuru. Itfs not good to take someone elsefs belongings.
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
13 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
You wouldnft like it if someone else eats your candy too right?h
After Reine said that, both of them hesitated unpleasantly.
gGumucccch
gccc..Reflection. Sorryh
gccccc.okay, both of you apologize to Kotorih
Reine* Pon* hit Kaguya and Yuzuru shoulders. When she did that, they looked back
at Kotorifs direction and lowered their head.
gFuuncccc.Ifm sorryh
gApology. I wonft do it anymore.h
gcccchow about it, Kotori. I will replace the candy taken away later. Will you
forgive them?h
Saying that, Reine looked towards Kotorifs direction, Kotori then snorted while
folding her arms.
gI-I donft care anymore, reallyccc..I am also sorry for not sharingh
gcccc.hnn, 3 of you are good kidsh
Reine patted Kotori, Kaguya and Yuzurufs head in order. The 3 of them averted their
sights away when she did that.
gcc..alright then, I wonder whatfs wrong with that sideh
Next off, Reine walked over to Shidoufs side and looked at Tohka, Origami,
Yoshino and Miku, these 4 who were clinging onto Shidou. She then heard what the
4 of them had to say before continuing her words slowly.
gccc..Tohka, Shin is a little busy right now. Can you wait for your meal a little
more? As exchange, I will specially give you this cookieccc..Origami, Shin said
he prefers a girl who can go to the toilet aloneccc.Yoshino, please be assured.
Shin doesnft mind you accidentally breaking tableware during the
morningccc.Miku, Shin can hear your voice clearly. Itfs not like he was
ignoring youh
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
14 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
And so on, she talked to them one by one and easily calmed everyone who was
making an uproar. It was a very skillful wile.
gIfm sorryccccc.you saved me. I couldnft do anything alonecccc.h
"ccccno, I felt sorry for leaving everyonefs care under youh
gNo, I understand you are finding Natsumifs readings. But even so-------g
Shidou gazed at everyone who has completely calmed down while making a wry
smile.
gThat was amazing, Reine-san. Itfs like you're a motherh
gccccc.h
Reine slightly twitched the side of her shoulders quietly, when Shidou said that
casually.
At that moment, he immediately was taken back. Itfs not like he had other intentions
butccccrather, those were words filled with pure thoughts of respect but,
thinking back calmly, it might be something not appropriate to be told to a woman
who is unmarried yet. Shidou swung his hands in panic and take it back.
gI-Ifm sorry. Itfs wrong. I donft mean it that waycccc.h
gcccc..no, I donft mindh
However, Reine said that like she wasnft really bothered about itcccccsince
she is a female with an un-examinable expression normally, it was hard for him to
make out if she was really not bothered about it.
gN-now that I think about it, Reine-san. Have you found Natsumi?h
In order to change the topic, Shidou let out his voice and Reine immediately cast her
eyes downwards before swinging her head.
gcccccas expected, it seems Natsumi is able to conceal her Reiha. We have
sent observation bots to go around in a vast range but, we have yet to find her
readingsccccnaturally, there is a possibility she was Lost to the other world
alreadyh
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
15 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gIccc.seeh
As long as they are unable to find the reason which is Natsumi, it was certain that the
situation will not get better. Shidou once again, gazed at the girls who have
completely changed before looking back at Reine.
gButccccI wonder why Natsumi would do something like thish
gccccc.Letfs see, it might possibly be an emergency measure to escape from
the spot, or maybe it might be she wanted to leave some kind of precaution behind
by slicing off the battle assets of the Spirits. And----------g
gAnd?h
Shidou tilted his head before Reine erected one finger.
gcccccItfs just simple harassment I guessh
gccccccch
Hearing Reinefs words, Shidou twitched his cheeks. Although it does sounds like a
joke but, Shidou has no choice but to believe that is correct.
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
16 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
17 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 2
It takes approximately 3 hours from the British Heathrow airport to reach Japanfs
Narita airport.
Having finishing the remaining simple business inside the private jet, Isaac Westcott
came out from the VIP entrance of the airport and rode the car waiting for him
before heading towards the lodging area in Japanfs Tokyo metropolitan Tenguu
cityfs hotel.
He was a characteristic tall man with dark ash blonde hair, and a pair of sharp eyes
like naked blades. His age should be around in his mid-30 but, the dangerous
atmosphere covering his body was disrupting the appropriateness of his age. At the
least, he was somewhat too young to be burdened with a world class enterprise
known as DEM industry---------such an impression was probably impossible to
someone unless they have met with him directly.
gHowever, if we continue to have trips like this in short term, as expected it would
be tiring. How about it, Ellen. Why not build a residence here in Japan?h
Wescott turned his shoulder while saying that before sharpening his eyes towards
the Nordic blonde girl sitting beside him.
gOriginally, the trip here to Japan this time was supposed to be postponed to later.
Even though something like that just happened, I feel admiration for you to be able
to leave your castle empty.h
The girl said it with a strong tone. Ellen M Mathers. Westcottfs direct subordinate
and the captain of the 2nd executive division of the shadow execution team in DEM
industry.
gDonft praise me like that. Ifll feel embarrassedh
gI wasnft praisingh
Ellen said it flat out. Westcott slightly shrugged his shoulders.
Nonetheless, itfs not like she doesnft understand what he was saying. Actually a few
days back, there was a request for Westcottfs dismissal in the board of director
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
18 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
meeting that had taken place in the DEM industry main company HQ in Britain.
At that time, things were managed without any problems because of Ellenfs physical
persuasion but, if we were to leave the HQ this frequently then, the hated directors
who do not think comfortably of Westcott will be given some sort of preparation
time. The possibility of those people once again forming some kind of way to wave
the flag of revolution is enough. It was only natural for Ellen to be nervous.
However, Wescott slightly distorted the side of his lips.
gNot really, if that is the case then I donft mind. I prefer humans filled with
ambitions enough to bite off my neck when they get a chanceh
gIt might be okay for you but, please try placing yourself as someone that has to do
the clean up afterwardsh
When Westcott said that, Ellen pouted a little unsatisfied.
gMore importantly, did you investigate that matter?h
gcccc..yes, over hereh
Ellen made a small sigh and took out a bundle of documents which were restrained
with a clip. Westcott received that before lowering his sights at the printed photo and
row of literature.
It was an investigation document of the boy Itsuka Shidou and the environment
around him.
gccccc..I see. He became an adopted son in the current house from 10 years
ago, huh. And his sister is being suspected as the Spirit <Efreet>cccc.well itfs
quite amazing you gathered this much. Nocccc..I should have it completed huhh
Westcott giggled and flipped the documents. In the next paper, photos of a number
of girls were printed on it.
g<Princess>, <Hermit>, <Berserk>, <Diva>------and the <Efreet> from just now.
From what you have confirmed, there are really 6 spirits gathered around him.
Ellen, what do you see in this?h
gccccc.There is no mistake <Ratatoskr> is in thish
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
19 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Towards Westcottfs question, Ellen took a slight peek unsatisfied while opening her
mouth.
gThere is probably no mistake in that. The boy who is able to seal the Spiritfs
power---------there is no mistake <Ratatoskr> is using that. No matter if he has that
power, unless there is a back-up from a big organization then, sealing this number
of Spirits isccc..no, before that, it is even impossible for him to attempt
contacting the spirits. But-------g
After Westcott cut his words, *pin* he flicked the documents with his finger.
gBut, is that really all?h
gAnd, by that you mean?h
Ellen asked dubiously. Westcott shrugged his shoulders.
gJust like what I meant. Was it really our sworn enemy <Ratatoksr>fs will only,
which has really resulted in this bringing up of such a beautifully distorted
situationh
gcccare you saying there is someone behind the scenes controlling the strings?h
gWell I wonder. But, even if that is the case, there is no change in the things we have
to do.----------am I right? Ellen. Ellen M Mathers. Humanityfs strongest wizard.h
When he said that, Ellen took a few seconds staring at Westcottfs face to find his
motives before, lowering her head forward.
gOf courseh
On her face, hesitation and confusion could not be seen at all. Westcott nodded in
satisfaction.
gThatfs the way.-----Ifll have you move immediately once you have finished the
preparations.h
g--------roger. So, who should I start with. As expected, the <Princess>?h
Ellen said that while lowering her sights at the documents on Westcottfs hands. But,
Wescott replied [No] and swung his head.
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
20 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gI am thinking of letting the spirits on this documents go free for a while.------of
course, if there is a good chance then itfs alright for you to capture themh
gWhat do you mean?h
Westcott showed <Princess> Yatogami Tohkafs photo towards Ellen who asked.
g<Princess> inversing is new to your memories right? The fact that our beloved
[Demon king] has shown itself in front of ush
gYesh
gThe reason for that------is none other than the boy, Itsuka Shidou. During that time
you tried to kill him, <Princess> was consumed by the pool of despair and strongly
desired a power crossing her own domain-------as a result, she was able to hold the
grip of the Demon king <Nahema>h
Westcott placed the documents on his lap and spread out both his hands.
gThe [Demon King] we have not stopped yearning appeared so easily, I wonder who
on earth has imagined that. The Spirit-------at the very least <Princess>, values,
trusts and loves him to the depths of her heart. Isnft this wonderful? They will
probably deepen their trusts even more. For the time that will comecccc.nehh
At that moment, it seems Ellen also guessed Westcottfs intention. Her expression did
not change and I see, she lowered her head forward.
The more Itsuka deepens his relation with the spirits, the more the spirits relies on
Itsuka Shidou, the deeper and bigger the despair will become once they loses it.
From there-------it might be enough for them to extend their hands towards a power
not within their domain.
gI am planning to use Itsuka Shidou as a [Key]h
gA [Key] huh. I see, thatfs a good way to put ith
Westcott made a small smile at Ellenfs words.
gThis is ironic. To think the secret anti-spirit weapon <Ratatoskr> came up with,
would become our joker tooh
gIt isnft particularly rare for medicine to become poison. However-------g
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
21 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
He was able to guess what Ellen was about to say without her finishing the sentence.
The thing is, which Spirit Ellen should capture then.
Westcott made an exaggerated nod before continuing.
gAah regarding that, I have already established a new priority target. Yesterday, just
perfectly, we received an Intel from the AST. The spirit who has the power of
transformation------<Witch> has appeared in the vicinity of the Tenguu city, and has
not been confirmed to be lost yetccc..like thath
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
22 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
23 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 3
gcccc..Good Morningh
Next morning. While making a big yawn, Shidou entered the Itsuka house living
room.
In the end, everyone who has turned into a child didn't return back to the mansion
next door, and it has been made to sleep together in groups; consisting of a group in
Shidou's room (Shidou, Tohka, Yoshino, Miku) and the other in Kotori's (Kotori,
Kaguya, Yuzuru) butccccc..during the night, Yoshino and Miku would cling
onto Shidou and incidentally, since Tohka was riding on top of Shidoufs chest, he
has not really slept.
Although, it was not like everyone stayed in the Itsuka house. There was only one,
only Origami said [I have something to do] and returned back in a very reluctant
manner.
Thinking back for some reason after that, Shidoufs underwear, toothbrush and
several personal belonging couldn't be found butcccccc.when on earth did
he lose them?
gGood morning Shidouh
gGood morning darlingh
gGo-goodc..morningcc..h
gU-n, what a nice morningh
Like that, Kotori, Miku, Yoshino, and also [Yoshinon] who were already in the
living room, turned towards Shidoufs direction and greeted him.
gOu, everyone sure woke up earlyh
When Shidou said that, 3 of them and 1 object made expressions as they pleased.
gThis is the minimum self-managementh
gErr, this is my normal waking timeccc.soh
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
24 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gBeing early to bed and early to rise is the comrade to the skin. It is only normal for
an idolh
Kotori folded her arms while opening half her eyes, Yoshino narrowed her
shoulders shyly, Miku said that proudly while patting her cheeks. I see, it seems
these 3fs daily life rhythm didnft break even though they were transformed into kids.
Shidou recalled back Tohkafs happy sleeping face when he exited his room and
unintentionally smiled. Since they are not here, it means the Yamai sisters are still
sleeping in Kotorifs room. How should he put it, it was oddly pleasant.
g----alright then. Wait for me a bit. Ifll make breakfast soonh
After Shidou said that, he tied the apron around his body and washed his hands
before starting to cook breakfast.
After mixing sugar into milk and egg, he dipped an easily edible slice of bread into
it and pan fry the slice on the frying pan with butter melted in it. Simple and
delicious, it was a simple French toast. Naturally, during the time when flavor was
soaking into the bread, he did not forget to prepare the salad and soup. Not even
taking 20 minutes, the Itsuka house living room was drifting with an appetizing
smell.
gOkay, Ifll be done soon so go clear the tableh
ghhhOkayhhhh
The 3 girls in the living room started moving when Shidou called out to them.
Yoshino cleaned up the things on the table, Kotori wiped the table with a table cloth
and Miku carried the plates with the food on it. It wasnft particularly a weird sight
but, since the girls looked young right now, it oddly feels like they are [Helping out]
[9A 1]
gWell then, letfs eat. Itadakimasuh
ghhhItadakimasuhhhh
The 3 of them followed Shidou and joined their hands together before lowering
their head.
g! Itfscc..delicioush
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
25 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gHn, well just averageh
Yoshino opened her eyes wide after carrying the French toast to her mouth while,
Kotori *fufun* snorted. Although she complained, he was honestly happy that they
were enjoying his cooking. Shidou relaxed his cheeks while poking into his French
toast with a fork.
gNee Nee, Darling, Darlingh
And thus, when Shidou was about to eat his toast, Miku who was sitting beside him
pulled his sleeves.
gHnn, whatfs wrong Miku?h
After Shidou said that, Miku joined her both her hand near her chest while closing
her eyes, she then [Ahhn] opened her mouth.
gEh?h
gHn Mouuu, feed me, Ahnnnh
Miku made an angry posture before opening her mouth again.
gA-ahhcc..h
After cutting the toast to a mouth size piece, he brought it to Mikufs mouth. After he
did that, Miku used both her hands and pressed her cheeks while bouncing her voice
happily.
gUuun! Itfs delicious. It becomes even more exceptional when I had darling feed
me.h
gHahacccwell, I think the taste doesnft change though.h
When Shidou looked back at his place while making a wry smile, he found out
Kotori sitting in front of him, and Yoshino sitting diagonal from him was making a
shocked expression.
gBoth of you too?h
After Shidou said that, Kotori and Yoshino [Mumuucc.] frowned their eyebrows
difficultly.
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
26 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
And, at that moment.
gTou!h
gKyacccc..!?h
Wondering what on earth was it thinking, [Yoshinon] quickly gave Yoshinofs right
hand a sharp chop and made her dropped the fork she was holding.
gO-oi, Yoshinon?h
gAaan! Sorry Shidou-kun. Yoshino dropped her fork from Yoshinonfs mistake. I
am sorry but, will you feed Yoshino too?h
gHuhcccc? I donft mind but more importantly, you can get a new
forkcccc.h
gWill. You. Feed. Her?h
[Yoshinon] brought its face closer, and said it threateningly. Shidou [Ooucccc..]
nodded as if he was overpowered.
gE-errrcccccShidou-sanccc.sorryh
gNo, it isnft Yoshinofs fault right? Here, Ahnnh
gA-ahnnccc.h
After Shidou brought out the fork with toast pierced on it, Yoshino hesitantly
opened her mouth as big as possible.
Yoshino then stuffed the toast into her cheeks and *amu**amu* chewed it before
making a smile in a little embarrassed state.
gThankcccyou very much. It really iscc..delicioush
gI see. That is goodh
Shidou smiled and changed the fork Yoshino dropped before once again facing
back to his plate. But------
gccccmuuccc.h
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
27 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
At that moment, he saw Kotori sitting in front of him with red eyes as if she was
going to cry any moment and it once again obstructed him from eating.
gcccc.errrrh
As expected, Shidou knows it too. Maybe itfs because she turned into a child, he felt
it was easier to read her expressionfs ups and downs easier than usual. Just like what
he did to Miku and Yoshino, Shidou directed a mouth size cut toast towards Kotori.
gHere Kotori, Ahhnh
gcccc! I-itfs not like I asked you for that. Please donft treat me like a child!?h
gcccno, youfre a child.h
gUguhccc.!h
Kotori, *muuu*ccc..groaned before stuffing her cheeks with the toast.
And after gulping it down, she pouted her lips and averted her sights before letting
out a soft voice.
gccccThank youh
gAiyo, youfre welcomeh
After Shidou said that, he finally shoved the toast into his mouth.
But, at that moment, *Chari* the living room door suddenly opened------and Tohka
with a very sleepy face came into the room.
gccc.mu, it seems there is a nice smellcccc..h
After saying that, *Fuuaaa*ccccshe made a big yawn.
It was a very Tohka-like waking up pattern. After Shidou and the group looked at
each other, everyone laughed.
g--------now that I think about it, what are you planning to do today?h
After some time passed, they finished their breakfast and Kotori who has completely
regained her composure looked towards Shidou and asked.
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
28 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Incidentally, right after Tohka finished eating her French toast, she layed down on
the sofa satisfied and once again went traveling into the dream world.
gAah, today, I thought of going to school for now. There is Natsumi and I feel
uneasy leaving Tohka and the rest alone, so I plan to finish school early in the
afternooncccc..as expected, I am also worried about Tonomachi and the rest
tooh
Shidou scratched his cheeks while saying that. Yes. Actually Tohka, Kotori and the
group wasnft the only ones that got dragged into the problem a few days ago.
Thatfs because Shidoufs classmate Tonomachi Hiroto, Yamabuki Ai, Hazakura Mai,
Fujibakama Mii, and also the class homeroom teacher Okamine Tamae these 5
people were temporarily trapped inside an Angel because of the Spirit Natsumi.
Luckily, they were not turned into children like Tohka and the rest but, it doesnft
change the fact Shidou dragged them into something dangerous. Having their
consciousness regained, he wanted to confirm their safety directly with his own
eyes.
gI see. I understand. But even so, the current situation is, we donft know where
Natsumi is right now. Please be carefulh
gAah, I get it.------Ifll be off then, once Kaguya and Yuzuru wakes up, heat up their
breakfast for them. Actually, it would taste good right after freshly made but, I am
afraid of letting you use fireh
gLike I said, stop treating me like a cccccc.h
Kotori stopped her words until there and distorted her mouth unsatisfied while
nodding.
Shidou [Good girl good girl] patted Kotorifs head (Naturally, Miku and Yoshino
pestered him too) before putting on his blazer and arranging his outfit, he then put
on his shoes and placed his hands on the front door knob.
gWell then, I am leaving the rest to you all. I will wear the Incam just in case so,
please call me if there is somethingh
gYeah yeah, I get ith
gHave a safeccc..triph
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
29 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gDarling, what about the Chuu[9A 2]? What about the goodbye kiss?h
Kotori and Yoshino waved their hands while, Miku brought out her lips and pestered
him for a kiss. After Shidou made a wry smile while waving back to them, he
opened the door and exited.
It was a clear weather. Opposite of the complex Shidou and the group were placed
into right now, it was a day with comfortable clear autumnal weather.
gHnnccccch
Shidou made a stretch as if he was exposing his body to the sun before starting to
head towards the school.
gcccc.?h
But, after a few steps outside his house gate, Shidou suddenly stopped. He then
brought his eyes left and right like thatcc..and tilted his head.
gThere is no onecc..right?h
For an instant, I felt someonefs sights butccccitfs probably his imagination.
He might still be very nervous since Natsumifs matter has not been solved yet.
Shidou took a deep breath to calm his heart beat and once again walked towards his
school.
gListen to me Itsuka! I had a very superb, weird body experience!h
Shidou entered the 2nd year class 4 and a boy with ruffled up hair using wax
approached Shidou in an excited manner. It was the mentioned student------
Tonomachi Hiroto.
From what he could see, there was nothing wrong with his body. Shidou pat his
chest after seeing his close buddy looks lively while *Goodness sake* opened his
mouth.
gWhat on earth happened Tonomachi. You remembered you are a descendant of
Bigfoot?h
gThatfs right, the hair on my arm has been growing fast recentlycccwait,
nonononoh
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
30 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Tonomachi took an overreaction from Shidoufs joke before,
*Vuun*Vuun*swinging his head.
gThatfs not it! An alien an alien!h
gAlien? I see, I thought you are a UMA on earth but, I never would have thought you
are an alienccc.h
gWait, wrong wrong! Thatfs not it! When I fell asleep on the night of the 25th, the
next time I woke up was on the 28th!h
gOi oi, donft you think you have been sleeping too much?h
gYes! Itfs weird right!? It was actually that weird! Several days passed when I woke
up and whatfs more, when I asked my family, during that time, it seems I
disappeared somewhere! Once I noticed, a police search for me came out! I was
scared!h
gSo, an alien?h
gAah! Thatfs because there is no other explanation right!?h
Shidou *pori*pori* scratched his cheeks. Tonomachi was unmistakably talking
about the time he was captured by Natsumifs angel. But, there was no way he could
tell him about that and more importantly [No Tonomachi, it was the work of a spirit
instead of an alien. You were captured by a spiritfs angel. Incidentally, the
spacequakes are the works of spirits too. And actually, I have the power to seal the
spirits power too] even if he was frank and honest, Tonomachi would [Ah, I-i
seeccc..well, I have to prepare for class soccc.] probably take an oddly
distant attitude and would probably end up running away too. Shidou remained
looking at Tonomachi with doubtful eyes. Anyways, it was good he was okay.
Maybe they heard Tonomachies high tension talk, 3 female students entered
Shidoufs view.
gOou, hey wait waith
gThatfs one interesting talkh
gSo Tonomachi is in the weird body experience group?h
They are Tohkafs friends and------just like Tonomachi, the trios were also dragged
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
31 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
into the incident from few days ago and, from the tallest they were Ai, Mai, Mii.
gOh? Judging from the way you put it, you girls too?h
When Tonomachi asked, Ai Mai Mii *un**un* nodded.
gYes yes, thatfs right. No one would believe ush
gWe also have no memories of these past few daysh
gDoesnft this really mean aliens? Or maybe the work of a secret mysterious
organization?h
All 3 of them said that and, *yanyanyan* became excited.
gSpeaking of which, Tama-chan said she had the same body experience tooh
gEh, seriously? Then this isnft a coincidence anymoreh
gSo this is the 5th personcccc..I sense the smell of some kind of plotcc..!h
gDonft tell me, we were really kidnapped by a secret mysterious organization!?h
gWe have powers transcending humans from receiving the reconstruction
surgery!?h
gWhatfs more there are 5 peoplecccc..this flow is the teaming of a hero
sentai[9A 3]!h
Ai Mai Mii [Tou!] took a cool pose as if the arranged this beforehand.
gCome on, Red too!h
gO-ou!?h
Tonomachi was also pulled in. He then took a cool pose in front of those 3.
gAlright, let's combine our powers and defeat the bad monsters spreading out in the
world!h
gBad monstersccc?h
gYes, nearby us there is one already, a human disguised monster living and doing
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
32 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
bad things!h
gSpecifically, one that would suddenly fondle girlfs breast as it likes, flips up skirts
and would steal girlfs lips!h
gPrepare yourself! Obscene monster Itsuka Shidou!h
gMe!?h
Suddenly pointed at, Shidou twitched his shoulders.
Now that he thinks about it, a few days ago Natsumi disguised exactly as Shidou and
played several pranks in the school. They probably still have a grudge from that
time.
gS-so that was it huh ItsukaccccI thought no wonder you were acting weird
recentlyh
gAs expected, you have something that comes to mind Tonomachi-kun!h
gA-aahcccca little before my memories were cut off, I was oddly bothered
about Itsukafs sightscc..then when I got called to the sauna, he then touched my
bodycccc..h
gKya! Kya!h
gI-Itsuka-kun, you were someone from that sideccc..!?h
gOgi-chan! The committee chief of the [The Schoolfs selected best fujoshi couple]
Ogi-chan! A circumstance to rework the ranking has occurred!h
gItsukaccc..like I guessed, was it really stuff like thatccc..?h
gNo, why is Tonomachi following them too! Forget that look; itfs almost time for
homeroomh
At the same time with Shidou saying that, *Kin**Kon**Kan*cccc.a familiar
chime echoed across the classroom.
gLook look, Sensei is comingh
gDonft play it off! Itsuka, you reallyccc.!h
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
33 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Tonomachi ignored the chime and said it enthusiastically. But,
gAh, itfs already time for homeroomh
gI have to get back to my seath
gWhat was todayfs first periodh
Ai Mai Mii left easily. They probably donft acknowledge this but, that was an
amazing example of pretending to help somebody and pull away the ladder away
under him. After a while with sweat flowing down his cheeks, Tonomachi said [Wwell,
laterccc..] and went back to his seat.
Not long after that, the classroom door opened and a petite glass wearing female
entered. She was Shidoufs class homeroom teacher and one of the people that got
dragged into the previous incident, Okamine Tamae, for short Tama-chan.
It seems, Sensei is okay too. Shidou released a relieved sigh and------raised his
eyebrows.
The reason was simple. Tama-chan-sensei looks weird. Sweat was oozing out her
forehead, her eyes was swimming around and from what could be seen, it looks like
she was feeling shaken. What on earth happened to her?
When Shidou was looking at her state suspiciously, Tama-chan suddenly sends her
sights towards Shidou. She then hesitantly opened her mouth.
gErrrcc.Itsuka-kunh
gW-what is it?h
After Shidou replied, Tama-chan-sensei made a bewildered face.
gErr,errrm, There are visitors for Itsuka-kun but, errccc..h
gI have visitorscccc.?h
Shidou wrung his head. He has no one that comes to mind that would purposely visit
him in school. He first thought it was someone related to <Ratatoskr> but if that was
the case then, they would probably contact him about that.
gcccccc!h
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
34 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
And at that moment, 2 possibilities passed Shidoufs mind.
Which means, the DEM industry andcc..Spirit-Natsumi.
gWhere are the visitors?h
gAh, yes, they are right now in the staff roomccccch
But, the instant Tama-chan-sensei said that.
gShidou!h
A very lively voice could be heard at the classroom entrance.
gWhacccc.!?h
Shidou brought his eyes towards there------and gasped.
Over there was not an assassin from DEM industry nor was it Natsumicccc.it
was the small Tohka that was supposed to be sleeping at home.
Tama-chan-sensei quickly stopped Tohka.
gAah, you canft! Didnft I tell you to wait in the staff room!h
gMu? Why is that Tama-chan-sensei? I canft be inside the classroom?h
gErrr about that, this is a place for Onii-san and Onee-san[9A 4] to study
soccccc..h
gI will study with Shidou too!h
gErrr, like I said, you have to wait until you get oldercccc.h
Tama-chan-sensei tried calming Tohka down while making a troubled face.
When she was doing that, more small silhouettes appeared behind Tohka.
gKuku, what are you doing?h
gDisturb. We will attend to that later.h
gcccccc..h
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
35 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Same as her, Kaguya and Yuzuru who were supposed to be asleep in the Itsuka house
and Origami who went back home, entered the classroom in groups with Tohka.
The classroom started making a commotion from the unexpected visitor. The
reactions are largely separated to 3 types. [Why are elementary school students
hereccc..?] people wringing their head, [Yaaan, so cute!] people raising excited
voices, and also [A-re? I feel like Ifve seen these kids somewhereccc] people
raising their eyebrows, about there.
At that instant. Kotorifs voice could be heard from the Incam he equipped on his ear.
g-----dou! Shidou! Can you hear me? Itfs an emergency! Tohka and the group
disappeared from the house!h
gcc..aah, they came hereh
gEhcc..!?h
At that moment, Tohka looked towards Shidou and her face lighted up, *tetete* she
then run towards Shidou and jumped at him.
gOo Shidou! You are here like I guessed!h
And next, Kaguya and Yuzuru came running towards Shidou.
gOi Shidou, go and get through the head of the homeroom teacher of our 2nd year
class 3. That person wouldnft believe us even though we told that person we are the
Yamaifsh
gSigh. That is one adult that decides everything from appearances.h
After saying that, they made a tired sigh. When they were doing that, there were
whispers secretly going around Shidoufs surroundings. He could not hear what they
were saying but, [Lolicon] [Criminal] [Hell no] he was only able to hear such
words.
It was clear that they were negative whispers but, now wasnft the time to be
bothering about that. He looked back at Tohka and the group, and let out his voice.
gcccccwhy are you all over here?h
gMu? You asked something strange. We have school today. Although we slept
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
36 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
together, I got shocked once I noticed that Shidou disappear!h
gccc!?h
Everyone in the class made shocked expressions from Tohkafs words and directed
their sights toward Shidou.
gHey Itsuka-kun, who are these childrencc..?h
gWhat kind of relationshipccc.?h
gForget that, are you sleeping togethercc.?h
Ai Mai Mii raised their eyebrows doubtfully and looked at Shidou and Tohkafs face
respectively. Shidou ran through his thoughts to think of an excuse in panic.
But, faster than Shidoufs voice, a small shadow *tsu**tsu**tsu*cccc..came
closer to Shidou before, hugging onto Shidou like Tohka.------it was Origami.
And,
g---Papah
She said something like that so, the class turned noisy in an instant.
gWhacccc..!?h
gPapa!? She just said papa right!?h
gL-little girl, what is your nameccc.?h
Ai folded her knees, looked directly at Origami and gently (Her eyes was
swimming around from agitation) asked her. When she did that, Origami then took
a bow politely before continuing her words.
gI am Itsuka Chiyogami. Thank you for taking care of my father all the timeh
gO-oiccc.!?h
gMy mama is Tobiichi Origami. I am the fruit of my papa and mamafs loveh
gccccceeh!!h
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
37 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
An impact ran through the class. Agitated voices like whispers and uproars
expanded throughout.
gNo-now that you mention it, you do look like Tobiichi-sancccc!?h
gEh, youfre joking, Tobiichi-san gave birth in high schoolcccc!?h
gNo but, you can get married once you reach 16 so, it is legalcc..h
gIt has to be 18 for the male! Itsuka is in the out!h
gRather, doesnft this child look like Yatogami Tohka-san? And that one looks like
Yamai-san next door!h
gEh? Donft tell me 1 husband and many wives!?h
gB-but, wonft that be weird!? These children look 8 to 9 years old right? That means
they gave birth to a child when everyone was 8 years oldcc..!? Itsuka-kun, you
impregnate girls at 8 years oldccc!?h
gNo, but the youngest record for giving birth is 5 years old and 7 months so, it is
not impossibleccc.h
gWa-wait a second! Itfs a misunderstanding, a misunderstanding!h
He refuses to have more weird rumors spread out than this. Shidou raised a shout
from the depth of his stomach and stopped the limitlessly excited topic.
gThese children arecc..err, that! I have been entrusted with these children from a
relative! What they meant by papa is you know, a form of nickname!h gEe?
hcc..?h
Suspicious sights closed in on Shidou when he made the excuse. Honestly, I thought
the excuse was hard but thinking logically, they probably knew it was impossible for
Shidou, a high school student to have children, although everyone in class made
faces as if it doesnft made sense, they showed agreement tentatively.
gU---nccccI see.
gHey--. It does sound plausibleh
gBut it is true you slept with these children right? Your lolicon suspicion isnft goneh
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
38 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gcccoih
When he opened half his eyes from the several suspicious murmurs, everyone in the
class *ahaha* purposely laughed. He made a tired sigh.
gSeriously, saying whatever they wantccc..look, everyone. I plan to quit school
early today too so, letfs go back togetherh
When he looked back at them and said that, Tohka opened her eyes wide from the
unexpectedness.
gNu? Going back already?h
gAah, I accomplished my goal. I will go immediately once homeroom is over so,
will you wait in the staff room?h
gMuuccc.I understand. If Shidou says so, Ifll waith
Tohka said that and nodded honestly.
gSorry. Alright then, for the time being------g
The moment Shidou placed his hands on Tohkafs shoulders.
gEhcccc?h
Shidou frown his eyebrows in reflex. He felt something shined outside the
classroom window.
But, that odd feeling immediately disappeared.------thanks to Tohkafs echoing voice
from below and the commotion the classmates filling his surroundings.
gWhacccc.!h
g? Whatfs wrong, Tohka------g
Shidou returned his sights from the window back to Tohka and stopped his words.
But that was only normal. Thatfs because, the sewing on the clothes Tohka was
wearing, untied itself starting from the part Shidou touched.
gWh-what are you doing Shidou!h
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
39 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Tohkafs face turned red and crouched down on the spot to cover her exposed
shoulders.
gHey Itsuka-kun, what are you doing!?h
gYou showed your real self you lolicon bastard!h
gEhccc? Hehcccc?h
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
40 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
41 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
However, Shidou has no idea what happened. The moment Shidou touched Tohka,
her clothes scatteredcc..? There is no way that is possible-------
But at that moment, one possibility popped out in Shidoufs mind. The light that
shined in from outside the window just now. That might be------
gNo way, Natsumicc..!?h
Shidou said that in a voice which no one else can hear before once again looking at
the windowfs direction.
Yes. The Spirit-Natsumi who holds the Angel that can transform objects to anything
she pleases. It should be possible to her. Which means, rather than untying the sews,
its more towards transforming the [Clothe] to [scattered cloth].
The moment he recognizes that, Shidou directed his legs towards the window.
But, it seems to be displayed as a runaway of a criminal to everyone in the class. Ai
Mai Mii made a wall and blocked Shidoufs advancement.
gWait you bastaaaaard!h
gWhere are you running away after shaming a pure girl!h
gWe caught you red-handed! We wonft let you go!h
gWccwrong! I beg you, donft block me!h
However, no matter what Shidou said, it seems Ai Mai Mii does not plan to back
away. They linked their shoulders and stood in front of Shidou.
gKuh-----!h
Shidou had no choice but to push aside those 3. But the moment he did that, a light
was produced outside the window once again, and the clothes of those three
scattered, resulting the girls to show their soft fair skin.
gK-kyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!?h
gWh-what is thiiiiisssssssss!h
gRukanaaaaaaan!?h
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
42 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
3 of them raised a scream and crouched on the spot. Terror expanded throughout the
classroom.
gO-oi, thatfs too much Itsukacccc.!h
Tonomachi then placed his hands on Shidou to stop him. But, Shidou couldnft do
anything even though he was told that.
gNo, I didnft really-------g
Like that for the third time, a light flickered from outside the window and
Tonomachifs clothes blasted off this time.
gIyaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!?h
Tonomachi screamed and fell down facing up just like that. Incidentally, a part of his
raveled clothes skillfully hid his crotch. It was a miracle.
gO-oi, what was thatccc.!h
gThe clothes in an instantccc.!?h
gPeople will be stripped the moment they touch Itsuka-kun!?h
gNo, like I said, i-------g
The moment Shidou tried to make an explanation for himself, Tama-chan-sensei in
front of Shidoufs sights had her clothes scattered this time.
gUwakyaaaaaaaaaaaaa!?h
Tama-chan used the attendance record to cover her chest while directing a blaming
gaze at Shidou.
gWha-what are you doing Itsuka-kun! Ifll have no choice but to make you marry me
and take responsibilityccc!h
gNo, I didnft touch you right!?h
Even though he shouted it was a serious false accusation, it seems everyone in class
did not listen.
gDonft tell me, just by his sights onlycccc..!?h
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
43 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gOh my god! Is he a monster!?h
gAaaah mouccc..!h
After Shidou scratched his head, he placed his blazer on top of Tohka.
gEveryone! Itfs Natsumi! We are heading back for now!h
ghhgcccc!hhhh
Tohka, Origami, Kaguya and Yuzuru these four people guessed everything just
from Natsumifs name. They then nodded and left the classroom with Shidou.
gHey wait Itsuka, you bastaaaaaard!h
gRemember this the next time you come backkkkkkkkk!h
gIfll strip you fully nakeddddd!h
gcccccThat was hellh
Right after separating with Origami half-way through. Shidou walked heavily on the
road towards his house while making a big sigh.
gAre you okay, Shidouh
Tohka who was rolling herself in Shidoufs blazer looked up at him worried. Shidou
then pat her head gently before, making a smile to Tohka to make her relieved.
But, it did not do anything to solve the situation. Shidou immediately contacted
Kotori right after that, and had her search the place Natsumi appears to be at but, it
seems there was not even a single speck of clues found. If these types of sly
harassments were to continue from now on, Shidou might be killed by society.
Naturally, even with that left out, he could not ignore the problem of her forcing
Tohka and the group into such inconvenience. After Shidou looked at the 3 of them,
he renewed his determination by grasping his fist tightly.
gWe have tocccc..quickly find Natsumih
gKuku, thatfs right. Wefll have her pay for her life for making us look like this.h
gConsent. Wefll beat her violently.h
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
44 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gNo, I wonft do something that dangerous you knowcc..?h
Shidou made a wry smile while taking a turn, and reached the front of the Itsuka
house. But.
gccchnn?h
Shidou wrung his head. His house was not in the place which was at according to his
memories.
No. Putting it correctly, another building has been built on the spot which was
supposed to have his house there; that seems to be a better way to say it. It was not
fitting for a quiet residential area and it has a shape of a castle-------
gOoou! Itfs a dream park!h
Tohka bounced her voice. Yes, for some reason Shidoufs house has transformed
exactly into the resting hotel which is located at the outskirts of the city.
gThi-this iscccc.h
After a few seconds, his eyes were blinking in panic from not being to understand
what happened but, he immediately noticed. There is only one possible Spirit that
can do this that comes to mind.
gNatsumicccch
Shidou said that with sweat flowing down his cheeks before touching the Incam on
his ear.
gcc..oi, Kotori, Kotorih
After calling like that, Kotorifs voice could be heard not long later.
gWhat? Whatfs wrong. If itfs Natsumifs trace, then we havenft------g
gNo, itfs not thatcccccwill you show your face outside from the window?h
gEh?h
After a few seconds from then. Kotori brought her face out from one of the
windows installed on the hotel wall.
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
45 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gWh-what the hell is thisccc..!? The shape of the house iscccc!?h
It seems she did not notice this. Kotori raised a shocked voice. It seems only the
appearance was transformed.
gccc.aah, itfs most likely Natsumifs workh
g*Tsk*ccccthatfs one annoying power. Anyways, the inside is okay so come
backh
gA-aahcccc..h
After Shidou nodded, he was about to bring Tohka and the rest into the house which
could only be seen as a hotel.
However at that moment, the wifes gossiping on the road raised their voices.
gA-re, Shidou-kun from the Itsuka house? What is with those childrencccc..h
gEh!? N-no, this is eerrrrccc.h
gOh my? Was there such a building built here beforecccc.?h
gRather, Shidou-kunccc.? Were you trying to bring those children in there?h
gEeeh! This is bad! Police! Police!h
giihccccc!?h
He canft have himself be reported. Shidou brought Tohka and the rest and ran away
from the spot.
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
46 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
47 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Chapter 7: Head HuntingBeckoning
From The Darkness
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
48 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
49 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 1
There is a heavy atmosphere being filled right now in the meeting room of the DEM
industry Britain HQ.
It was as if the atmosphere really has the aspect of viscosity in it. Breathing would
feel hard as if the lungs would be filled with a muddy feeling in just one breath. If
someone was thrown into this room without knowing anything then, they might
seriously get dyspepsia.
All of the males sitting in the row have several things in common. One of it was, all
of them were British. Another one was, all of them are board directors in DEM
industry. And one more-------all of them had gypsum bandages covering either their
right arm or left arm.
gcccc.Damn it!h
A man at his prime and wearing glasses- board member Roger Murdoch was the
one who broke the long silence.
gEveryone, is it alright to leave it like this!? Are you planning to keep quiet even
though we are done in like this!?h
He shouted in detest and showed his right arm which was being hoisted from his
neck just like everyone else.
---The arm which was cut off during the board meeting a few days ago.
Yes. All of the board directors here right now pushed a dismal request on the
Managing director of DEM industry a few days back and-------- it overturned with
physical violence used.
Their lobbed off arm was already connected back beautifully using the medical
Realizer and they are able to move their fingers as they like. However, the scenery
of their arm disappearing in an instant still remained in their minds and even now;
none of them has removed their gypsum yet. gcccc.Even if you say thath
A man with a beard------Simpson, looked towards Murdoch. His sights looked
slightly scared------ and itfs filled with criticism towards Murdoch. Nonetheless, this
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
50 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
was not limited to this man. Although everyone in the meeting did not voice it out, it
was not hard to imagine all of them hold the same feeling.
But that was only natural. In the first place--------Murdoch was the one who drew the
plan for the request of Westcottfs dismissal.
Westcott invented the revolutionary machine known as Realizer and build up the
company known as DEM industry, his achievements are immeasurable. But, to the
board directors of DEM Company now, his arrogant existence which swings his
absolute authority without thinking about external influences was just a nuisance.
At that time, outrageous news about Westcott causing deplorable events in Japan
came over.
Not only did he cause the destruction of the DEMfs japan branch 1st and 2nd office
building and connected buildings, he also caused the deaths and injuries of several
Wizards. It was a good opportunity to question his responsibilities.
But-----The result was this.
Simpson ooze out a given up expression while swinging his head.
gYou should have renewed your thoughts from this matter. He is a monster. He is
different from us. His thoughts, value system, and his authority to make that
realitycccc..Everything. We were the foolish one for looking at a dream even if
it was for an instanth
Murdoch grasped his left hand while looking back at Simpson.
gccccccbut even so. I am planning to have him receive the appropriate
punishmenth
The board directors made a small sigh at Murdochfs words. Most likely, it could be
taken as a brave front from Murdoch.
gPunishmentcc..huh. What are you planning to do?h
Simpson said that while shrugging his shoulders. However he did not say it with a
front or in an act of courage. He shook his throat after glaring at the board directors
lined up.
gWestcott MD right now is in Japan if I am correct. It seems he is at a place where
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
51 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Spirits frequently appears at an extremely high rateh
gIs there a problem with that?h
gThis is worrying.-----it would be a big problem if he is by any chance, dragged
into a space quake or some kind of accidenth
gcccc..!!h
The board directors gasped at the words with the deep meaning and strong accent.
gMurdoch, donft tell me youcccc..h
Simpson said that in a terrified manner.
Not only him, but everyone in the spot probably understood.
---Murdoch was suggesting the assassination of Westcott.
gcccccch
After a while, silence flowed into the meeting room. Everyone was swimming their
sights at other board directors to await their responses.
Nonetheless, it was easy to imagine his plan of [Taking away someonefs life] was
not something he was hesitant about. If he did not have that kind of admirable
emotions then, he would not be sitting in the seats of DEM company board directors.
Fear was simply the only thing they were worried about.------the thing is, by the
occasion the assassination has failed, they were scared that Westcottfs might take
revenge on them.
But. After some time, one of the board directors raised his voice.
gcccc..thatfs right. It is worrying. Very worryingh
Those unnatural words could only mean he agrees with Murdochfs plan.
gcccc.Aah, it is just as you sayh
One person after another then states words of worry for Westcott-----and soon,
everyone showed approval to Murdochfs plan.
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
52 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Murdoch raised the side of his lips. It was just as he aimed.
Normally, there might be board directors that wonft ride on Murdochfs plan. But,
the recent experience of having their arm chopped of during the previous board
meeting has changed their thoughts.
Which means-------the fear of them having to continue accompanying the monster
known as Westcott from now on, has won against the fear of opposing against him.
However, even though he managed to get the consensuses of everyone, there were
still tons of problems. Simpson made a difficult face.
gccc..but, even if that is the case, do you have a way?h
That question was normal. For the DEM Company, in order to fix a problem which
is expected to be unable to be concluded with peaceful means then, the ones that
would execute that on that occasion would be none other than the wizards affiliated
with the 2nd executive team even though this method is rarely used.
gThe wizards in the 2nd executive team are all Westcottfs sympathizers. Mostly
likely, no matter how much bait we scatter out, none of them would betray himh
Towards Simpsonfs words, a white hair board member nodded.
gAnd even if we managed to get their cooperationcccc..she is always beside
Westcotth
She. Just with that simple word, all of the board directors gulped.
Ellen M Mathers. She is Westcottfs trusted retainer and also the culprit who chopped
of Murdoch and the groupfs arm off.
Inside the DEM-------no, out of all the humans, she is probably prided as the
strongest wizard. As long as she is beside Westcott, But, even though they want to
attack Westcott, they could not forget about her existence. Murdoch distorted his
lips.
g-----do you all know of the artificial DEM produced satellites, currently on the
satellite orbit?h
gWhatcccc?h
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
53 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Simpson raised his eyebrows doubtfully. It was as if he was trying to say, what are
you saying all of a sudden.
However, Murdoch did not stop to bother and continued on.
gAccurately speaking, there are 23 units. And sooner or late, 8 of them will finish its
mission and is in a condition of waiting to be disposed ofh
gWait for a moment. I canft see what you are saying. how is that related to this?h
The board directors made confused expressions on their face. It seems there is still
no one that understood him even though he said that much. Murdoch made a fearless
smile.
g--------We drop the artificial satellite <DSA-IV> which is planned for disposal onto
Tenguu cityh
gccc.!h
The board directors stiffened their faces in an instant.
But, Simpson swung his head after a while.
gJust when I was thinking what you were going to sayccccc.are you seriously
thinking that is possible? The earth has an atmosphere you know. Something like an
artificial satellite would just burn off before even reaching the ground. Even if there
are wreck parts left, there is no way you can drop it accurately at the spot Westcott
DM is locatedh
g------Is that really the caseh
gWhat?h
gLet me explain the plan. First off-----g
Simpson dubiously raised his eyebrows. Murdoch *nii* made a grin while
continuing.
When he did that, the color of the board member faces changed colors in a blink of
an eye. The moment they started hearing Murdochfs explanation, they probably
noticed this plan was not a dream story.
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
54 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
g----That is all. Any questions?h
Murdoch said that, and one of the board directors raised his voice while having
sweat flowing down his face.
gccccc.I see, itfs true this might be possible if we do this. But, wonft this
method cause an enormous damage to Tenguu cityh
gThatfs right! itfs true that this might get rid of Westcott but, the damage is too big!
Even if this succeeds, how are you going to explain it to the world!h
A bald man raged his voice in agreement. But, that response was within expectations.
Murdoch made a leisure nod while replying.
gOn an applicable time, we will dispatch one ship in Tenguu cityfs sky and have it
constantly deploy its territory; we will use it to conceal the existence of the artificial
satellite from the observation device on the land. And after that, we will have the
spacequake alarm ring, and have the surrounding citizens evacuate. Well of course, I
donft know how long a shelter made for a spacequake would withstand thath
gWhacc..!h
gOh what a tragedy. The Tokyo metropolitan Tenguu city was attacked by a grand
spacequake again after 30 years. Whatfs more, it is a grand disaster strong enough
to blast off the shelterh
He continued on as if he was in a drama
gOn top of that tragedy, our firmfs MD was there. Aah, how heartbreaking. Losing a
genius like him is a very big loss to DEM. But, we cannot keep grieving over it.
Letfs succeed his dying wish and devote ourselves in advancing DEM Company to a
higher growthh
After Murdoch ended his speech by saying that, the faces of the board directors
turned pale and looked at Murdoch.
But---------no matter how long it took, there was no one who insisted it was a very
inhuman method.
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
55 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
56 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 2
gcccccccoouh
1st November. Shidou was tired.
Although he managed to avoid getting reported, Natsumifs harassment continued
persistently after that.
On one occasion when he went out shopping, right in the middle of the shopping
district, Shidoufs attire was transformed into a youthful leather jacket and briefs
making him look like a pervert, the nearby pedestrians would report to the police
when they saw young girls turning fully naked around Shidou and by the time he
returned home, his house was turned into a sex shop decorated with pink neon lights
this time. If he did not have <Ratatoskr>fs support, he would not have the slightest
idea on how many times he would be obliterated by society.
gShidou, you donft look energetic, are you okay?h
Tohka then, peeked at Shidoufs face uneasily. When he looked carefully, Tohka
wasnft the only one, Yoshino, the Yamai sisters, Miku and also Kotori hiding behind
the shadows of the pillar too were sending their sights at Shidou.
Shidou swung his head to avoid making everyone worry before sighing.--------even
though the one having the hardest time were Tohka and the group who has their
body transformed, Shidou would be losing face if he was the one getting tired out.
gAah, I am okay. Sorry everyoneh
gUmuccc..I see! Itfs okay if you are alrighth
When Shidou said that, Tohka made a satisfied smile in a relieved manner. He
somewhat understood the feeling of a father who has a daughter. *pon* *pon* she
nodded her head.
Itfs true that Natsumifs harassment becomes even worse as dayfs passes but, at
another perspective, this is a chance.
At the very least, during the time Natsumi was transforming Shidoufs clothes and
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
57 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
surroundings, she would have to be within <Haniel>fs effective range. Of course,
pin pointing where she is was difficult since she can transform into various objects
but thanks to that, they could finally see a pattern from analyzing the reiha readings
which was occurring these past few days. Right now, the <Ratatoskr> analyst squad
starting with Reine was currently placing a net around the Itsuka house as its center.
It seems they would be able to catch Natsumi soon.
Rather, the thing that Shidou should be cautiously prioritizing himself with was;
Natsumi getting satisfied or maybe bored from harassing Shidou and concealing
herself somewhere else.
Like that---------right at that moment.
gcc..uh!h
Shidou saw a glitter from outside the window and gasped.
It was the light he saw several times for the past few days.---------it was the sign of
<Haniel>fs transforming ability activating.
In the next instant, the Itsuka house interior inside Shidoufs view and Tohka and the
groups figure; every one of them started glowing and their appearance changed.
And then after a few seconds.
gWhacccc.h
After looking at everyonefs appearance changing completely different from a few
seconds ago, Shidou opened his eyes wide astonished.
Thatfs because, the clothes on the small girls in front of him, has turned into
leotards that looked like bunny girls with net tights.
Looking carefully, the shape of the ears on their head and of the tails attached onto
the leotardfs butt. Tohka was dog, Kotori was cat, Yoshino was rabbit, Yamai sisters
were monkey, and Miku a cow.
Even under normal circumstances those were lascivious attires and adding on to
that, their bodies were currently transformed into those of a child. Somehow, the
stinking smell of a crime floating in the air was amazing.
Whatfs more, that was not all.
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
58 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
The familiar living room of the Itsuka house was transformed from the power of
<Haniel> into a giant cage like the ones in a zoo, surrounding the girls. Incidentally,
Shidou has a gorgeous attire on which often appears in manga, and he was holding
a leather whip in his hand.
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
59 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
60 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Naturally, the house walls were removed and they were being exposed to the
neighborhood. On top of the cage, a sign board [A zoo belonging only to me] was
courteously hanged.
He now looks like an inexcusable pervert.
gWha-what is this!h
gA-auuuccccch
The girls noticed their appearance and their face turned red immediately. Kaguya
was the only one [Wait, why am I a monkey?!] roaring unsatisfied. Maybe they were
surprised by the sudden light, people from the neighborhood looked towards the [A
zoo belongings only to me] and started gossiping about something and was about to
call the 110 report number but, Shidou pretended to not look at them and placed his
hands on the Incam equipped on his ear.
gReine-san!h
gcc.Aah, I know.-----we captured it. Itfs Natsumifs readingh
g! Really!? Where is she now!?h
gShe is around 1 kilometer away from the place you are at-------in a building
under construction in the town area.h
g1 kilometer awayccccshe done this from that far.h
Shidou faced towards the window (The spot which it used to be at) he saw the light
from and muttered.
gShidou.h
Probably guessing what kind of reply would come from looking at Shidoufs
reaction, Kotori gave a serious look at Shidou while nodding.
gaahcc..letfs go, everyone!h
Shidou made a big tilt forward with his head as if to reply that.
cccccsomehow looking from the outset, he felt that this scenery was very
surreal but, Shidou tried his best to not bother about that.
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
61 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
62 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 3
gFufu-----hahaccccahahahahahaha!h
From far away, Natsumi was holding her stomach and rolling around in laughter
after seeing Shidou in panic.
She was a beauty around mid twenties and was wearing an Astral Dress with the
look of a witch. She has a small face and slender limbs. She was freely twisting that
proportion which would make models run away barefooted while having tears at the
edge of her eyes and echoing her voice. Natsumi was on top of a half-constructed
building 1 kilometer away from the Itsuka house. She was enjoying peeking at
Shidoufs reactions from a giant telescope she transformed from a part of a steel
frame.
gAh----, so cute. Take that. I wonft forgive you all for living happily after
embarrassing me like thath
After saying that, Natsumi sharpened her sights.
Yes. A few days back, Natsumifs unrevealed secret was exposed by that boy, Itsuka
Shidou.
She snorted and set the broom type angel------<Haniel> in her hands, upside down.
gWell thenccccccI wonder how and what should I transform nexth
After Natsumi distorted her lips, she made a fearless smile. Inside her head, there
were many types of harassment ideas popping out.
She would prefer for something that would wear Shidoufs mental strength down as
much as possible, and completely destroy Shidoufs social status. She will make him
until he is unable to walk under the sun any more. It might be interesting to scatter
Shidoufs shirt when he is passing by the police box, giving him a criminal record of
obscene exhibition. No, rather why not just-------
That moment, while she was thinking such things and making a very nasty looking
face, Natsumi unexpectedly brought her eyebrows closer and lifted her face.
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
63 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gccccccc..! Something is closing inccccc..?h
She thought she was mistaken for an instant at first but---------itfs true that, there was
a presence of something getting closer to Natsumifs direction.
gDonft tell me, Shidou-kun found meccccc?h
Natsumi clicked her tongue. It was not something impossible. She somewhat has an
idea of there being a big organization behind Shidou. Even though if Shidou did not
notice her, she could not deny the possibility of a web placed around that area.
gIfm sorry but, I canft have myself get caught hereh
Natsumi showed her tongue towards the pursuer which has yet shown itself and
straddled onto <Haniel>.
gFufufufu, See yah
*Ton* the same time she kicked the ground, Natsumifs body floated on the air
together with <Haniel>. Natsumi then looked far away before, lowering her stance
on the broom and flying towards the sky in high-speed.
The surrounding scenery was sucked backwards dizzily. A feeling like her body
turning sharp like a drill was controlling her body.
Even though they knew Natsumifs position, it would be meaningless unless there is a
human that can catch up to her. Natsumi imagined Shidoufs comradefs flustered
figures and *kusu**kusu* laughed.
g--------well, I guess this place is goodh
Who knows how long has passed after she took flight. Just for pre-cautions,
Natsumi flew here and there before landing on an inhabited mountain side.
However, now that there are nets placed around Shidou, it might be a good idea to
change her methods a little from now on. Nonetheless, there are a lot of methods.
Instead of transforming the objects around Shidoufs surrounding, Natsumi would
transform herself and play pranks on Shidou. For example, she would transform
into a girl who has her clothes forcefully ripped apart and say [Tha-that person did
itcccc!], it would be a one-shot out for Shidou.
gAhaha, but, I wonft let it end like this. Ifll take my time slowly------g
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
64 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Thus. The moment she said that, Natsumi felt a pressure directly grabbing her heart
and jumped backwards.
In the next instant, the place Natsumi was standing at was blasted with light and made
a deep hole on the ground.
There was no mistake, that attack was aimed at Natsumi.
gWhacccc..!?h
---I was tailed? With that speed!? Natsumifs face was covered with astonishment--
-----she however, made a fearless smile. She does not have the courtesy to purposely
show her discomposure to the opponent.
gccccWhat is this, for Shidou-kunfs comrades, that was one stimulating
greetingh
She said that and snorted while looking up-----towards the origin of that attack.
When she did that, a floating shadow was looking at Natsumi with a cold gaze while
slowly landing to the ground.
It was a girl wearing a silver armor around her body. She has memorable pale
blonde hair, and blue eyes. Her face was well-featured like a doll but, it was not a
fleeting atmosphere of a lovely lady floating from her body but rather an
atmosphere of a strong warrior.
gToo bad, I am not Itsuka Shidoufs comradeh
gFuuncccc? Is that so. Then the AST? Well, whatever works. Something you
need from me?h
gSomething you knowh
After Natsumi said that, the girl pulled out a giant sword equipped on her back while
replying.
g-----<Witch>. I will hunt youh
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
65 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
After Ellen announced that, the opposing Spirit <Witch> opened her eyes wide for
an instant, before immediately laughing.
gHee? Well, I think itfs useless.------more importantly, I donft really like that
<Witch> name. Will you call me Natsumi properly?h
<Witch>------Natsumi shrugged her shoulders while saying that. Judging from that
expression and gesture, it could be perceived that she isnft really that cautious of
Ellen. She might have done that to hide her confusion or maybe she really thought it
was impossible for her to lose.-------if it was the latter, then Ellen was really looked
down upon. Ellen twitched her eyebrows unpleasantly.
gI will know whether itfs useless or not once I tryh
gFuunccc.h
Natsumi pointed the broom she was holding towards Ellen after *Nii* she raised the
side of her lips. It was just as recorded in the documents. <Haniel>. An Angel that
holds the power to freely change the shape of its target.
Itfs true that it is an annoying power but------it cannot compare to Ellen. As if to
oppose that, Ellen made a stance with the high-output laser blade <Caledfwlch> she
was holding in her right hand.
Ellen and Natsumifs sights blended.
---and, in the timing as if to match with that, a few number of wizards landed behind
Ellen. It was the group of DEM wizards that were chasing Natsumi with <Witch>. It
seems, they finally have caught up to Natsumi and Ellen.
No, they came following Ellenfs signal, that way of saying it is much more
appropriate. If they were the only ones chasing Natsumi, then they would probably
without mistake lose her.
gYou all are lateh
After Ellen said that while sending her sights towards Natsumi, the wizards *hii*
gasps could be heard.
gI-I am very sorry, Ellen-samaccc.!h
gBut, we canft keep up with that speedcccc..h
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
66 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Ellen made a small sigh from that predicted reply.
To her, the DEM wizards are supposed to be much more experienced compared to
many wizards. But even if that is the case, they are like this in reality.
After experiencing the mobilization in a group in reality, Ellen fully realize the loss
of Takamiya Mana and Jessica Bayley was very big.
gcccc..I see, now I get what Ike meanth
She said that to herself while patting the large tear scar on her stomach with her left
hand. Even though that person could not compare to Ellen in a stand-alone, at the
minimum level there is only one person that is fit to work as Ellenfs support and it
would probably change the success ration of battle plans.
gExecutive chief, did you say somethingcccc?h
gccccccnothing. Please focus on the battleh
g! Haaaaccc!h
After Ellen said that, the wizards pulled out their weapons they are pleased with at
once and directed their sharp sights towards Natsumi.
After looking at that manner, Natsumi however, shrug her shoulders without fear.
gEeh? Donft tell me the origin of that confidence is from that? Did you think you
will win if you come at me alone in numbers?h
Natsumi said that to intimidate them. Ellen twitched her cheeks.
gNo. Do not worry. I will not disappoint youh
gAah, I see. Well, I donft really care but------neh!h
In an instant-----Natsumi sung the <Haniel> she was hanging.
At the same time matching to that action, a gush of wind pressure and reiryoku light
attacked Ellen and the wizards lined up behind her.
g---------------g
However, after Ellen made a small snort while kicking the ground, she manipulated
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
67 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
the territory and flew up to the sky. The Wizards behind too, separated themselves to
avoid Natsumifs attack.
gWhy youcc..!h
The scattered wizards fired several micro missiles at Natsumi . The cylinder filled
with killing intent covered with generated Maryoku[9B 1], left white traces in the sky
and approached Natsumi.
gFufunh
But, even though when the rain of missiles with huge power in it was exposed,
Natsumifs fearless smile did not disappear. *ton* she hit the ground with the tip of
the broom and raised her voice towards the approaching missiles.
g<Haniel>!h
When she did that, <Haniel>fs tip--------the part that looks like a broom was radially
opened up and the mirror fixed on it released a very strong light.
gGuhccc.!?h
They immediately found out that it wasnft a cunning blind. The moment the missiles
approaching Natsumi touched the light released from <Haniels> mirror, they were
transformed to countless sweets like candy and chocolate.
gWha------g
At the same time with the Wizardsf dismay, the candy landed nearby and *pon*!
Shoot off with a comical sound produced. A sweet fragrant was floating around.
gOh my oh my, presenting candy to me? I am so happyh
Natsumi *kusu**kusu* giggled before once again hanging <Haniel>.
gWell, I have to repay you all back.------<Haniel>!h
After Natsumi shouted, <Haniel> once again shined and a dazzling light covered the
area.
gcccc..?h
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
68 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Ellen slightly frowned her eyebrows from the weird feeling attacking her body. Itfs
not like she was bending down but, she felt her sights become a little lower.
At the same time, screams were coming from left and right from the wizards
deployed in the area.
gU-uwahhh!?h
gWha-what is thisccc.!h
She looked over there by only moving her eyeballs. She confirmed several
unfamiliar children there.
No-----wrong. When Ellen looked carefully, she found out all those children had the
characteristics of her subordinates. Most likely, they were changed into a child
appearance from <Haniel>fs ability.
Ellen lowered her sights towards her right hand holding the laser blade.------it was
only normal but, rather than the hand inside Ellenfs memory, she confirmed a much
more smaller palm there. Just like the other wizards, Ellen was also turned small. It
seems the wiring suits also became smaller with her but, the CR-unit size remained
the same and because of that, it was oddly unbalanced.
gAhahahahahaha! That is more cute right?h
Natsumi made an exaggerated laugh by hugging her stomach while laughing.
gThe match is still not over.h
gHeee? What can you do with that small form? How about going back home and get
spoiled by your mother quietly. Fufufufufuh
gccc..h
Ellen quietly narrowed her eyes. She made an order in her mind and manipulated the
Territory. She scanned her own body and confirmed her condition. Muscle mass,
bone density, metabolism function, nervous system, various more, she grasped all
that in an instant. I see, itfs true that all my abilities has lowered. Maybe because the
muscle strength to move her tongue has regressed too, even her pronunciation was
obstructed. It was a very annoying ability.
But.
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
69 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
g--------this is enough. In order to kill you.h
After saying that without a lisping tone, Ellen re-gripped <Caledfwlch>fs handle and
kicked the sky. She then closed in at Natsumi within an instant.
gHeh------------?h
With her guard lowered, Natsumi let out a dumbfounded voice from Ellenfs sudden
attack and opened her eyes wide.
Ellen did not care and swung the <Caledfwlch>.
gEhccccc., Ehccccc?h
Natsumi opened her eyes wide in shock while squeezing out that voice from her
throat.
---just now, she did not know what has happened.
Natsumi sealed her opponentfs power with <Haniel> as usual.
But, within one of them, came one person who came swinging her blade at Natsumi
without caring about her.
gEh, Ahcccc..h
Her head was in chaos from the situation which has never happened before.
Yes. The moment the girl called Ellen brandished the light sword, a *kaaaa* hot
feeling passed through her chest to her stomach-------and Natsumi fell backwards.
Inside her hazy sights, Natsumi slowly placed her hands on the part of her stomach
which was hit-----and a scary amount of blood was sticking on to the palm of her
hand.
gHiiccc..h
The moment Natsumi saw that, an extreme pain which has not still appeared
somewhere in her feeling of reality, ran through her body.
---It hurts. It hurts. It hurts. It hurts. It hurts. It hurts. It hurts. It hurts. It hurts. It hurts. It
hurts. It hurts. It hurts cccccccc!!
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
70 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gA-aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhcccc..!?h
Natsumi screamed from the extreme pain that she has never felt before until now. It
felt like a sharp thorn piercing into her body. Inside her hazy consciousness. Inside
her cloudy view. However, the repeatedly attacking furious stimulation did not allow
her to pass out. The cycle of hell kept continuing endlessly.
gNo-waycccwha, what is thisccc.h
The attack Ellen made by swinging her light sword has caused a deep cut on
Natsumifs body together with her Astral Dress. Even though she confirmed that
reality in her brain, Natsumi still remained not believing on what had happened.
However, reality will not change whether Natsumi accepts it or not. Fallen down,
within Natsumifs view, Ellen holding the light sword was being shown in it.
g-------I see, my power seems to have lowered as expected. To think I would miss
the fatal spots at this close distanceh
And the moment she said that, Ellenfs body gave out a pale glow--------and turned
back into her teenage adult years.
Most likely, since Natsumi has gotten damaged, the target with the lowest priorities
will have its transformation reverted. In reality, Natsumifs body transformation was
still preserved.
gOh, I turned back to normalh
Ellen opened her left hand and closed it again to confirm her body feeling before,
dropping her sights onto Natsumi again.
gWell then, what should I do. Personally I want to capture you alive but, killing you
and taking out your Saphira crystal might be good tooh
Ellen said that with an indifference in it. Natsumi squeezed her voice out from her
throat desperately.
gcccc.,sacc..ve mecc., I donftc..want toc..die-----ccc.h
gI donft mind that but, I think that is a choice that will increase your pain even moreh
At the same time Ellen said that, the other wizards who has their transformation
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
71 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
reverted just like Ellen, grouped together.
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
72 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
73 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gExecutive chief. What should we do?h
gLetfs bring her back alive. I think she would not go on a rampage with that injury
but-----g
Ellen once again re-gripped the handle of the sword while saying that.
gIt seems she has an annoying ability so, letfs cut off her limbs just in caseh
g-----hiicc.!?h
After Natsumi gasped, she moved her hands and legs as if to get away from Ellen.
But, she canft put in any strength like she wants.
When she was doing that, Ellen slowly raised her sword and-------
gIt will end soon. Please do not die mid-wayh
Ellen said that in an unconcerned manner and swung down her sword.
g--------------------!!h
She closed her eyes in reflex and grinded her teeth to withstand the pain that was
going to immediately attack her.
Right hand? Left hand? Right leg? Or maybe the left legccc? The pain has not
come yet. Even though she opened her eyes to confirm it, she was even scared to
move her fingers. But-----
gWhaccch
Natsumi heard Ellenfs slightly shocked voice and she opened her eyes timidly.
gEhcc.?h
She then let out a dumbfounded voice from the unexpected scenery.
There was a small girlfs back right in front of her. The girl wearing a pale glowing
Astral dress, was holding a giant sword which was as big as her, and was protecting
Natsumi from Ellenfs attack.
She immediately found out she was familiar with that girls appearance.------
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
74 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Yatogami Tohka. She was the girl which was turned into a child because of Natsumi.
gHaaaa!h
Tohka's giant sword swung pass together with a spirited shout. When she did that,
Ellen did not resist against that but rather, she jumped backwards to take distance.
Tohka did not lower her guard and glared at Ellen while raising her voice.
gAre you alright!?h
gWh-why are youcccherecc..h
When Natsumi said that, there were more changes happening in the surroundings as
if to match up with her action.
At the same time she heard a melody of valor, the surrounding temperature
suddenly dropped and the water in the atmosphere started freezing while producing
a crackling sound. The trees and ground nearby and also on the invisible wall
around wizards, had thin frost starting to form on them.
gGuhccc!?h
gThe Territory is freezing cccc!?h
gThis is getting dangerous! After releasing the Territory, reactivate it and escape to
the sky!h
The wizards released their Territory for an instant because it was starting to get
frozen and was about to reactivate it immediately.
gKukuku! That is a good strategy! Well, that would be the normal choice in normal
situation!h
gBad luck. However, that is only a bad move now that we have arrivedh
An instant faster than the Wizard reactivating their Territory. Those voices could be
heard and a storm occurred nearby, causing the bodies of the Wizards with their
defense lost to be easily blown away.
gU-uwah!?h
gKukakaka! Slow! Too slow!h
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
75 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gScorn. How pitifulh
While producing a pleasant laugh and a flat tone voice, the identical twins landed to
the ground. They were the Yamai sisters. These girls were also girls that were
turned into children because of Natsumifs ability.
gcccccc.!?h
Natsumifs head was now being controlled in a different kind of bewilderment
compared to just now.
I donft get it. Why---------the girls who has suffered several types of damages
because of Natsumi was now trying to save her.
gNatsumi!h
However Natsumifs thoughts were interrupted the instant she was suddenly called
out.
Itsuka Shidou appeared behind her and bends his knees beside Natsumi.
gThe bloodcccc! Natsumi! Are you okay!h
gcccc..Shi-doucccc.kun..?h
---Why are you too.
She did not say it to the end. Maybe it was because she lost too much blood, she
could not put any strength into her body.
gKuhcccc, I will have you treated sooncccc..!h
g------Did you think I would let you?h
Ellen was the one who interrupted Shidoufs words. She was the only one in the
wizards that was not blown away from the Yamai sisters wind and still had her
Territory preserved. It seems she was able to prevent herself from freezing by
increasing her Maryoku density.
g<Princess>, <Berserk>, this cold air belongs to <Hermit> I see. And this song------
It looks like <Diva> is hiding somewhere. I see, although it might be a surprise
attack, it seems this is the reason why the powered down <Princess> was able to
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
76 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
fight against me.h
Ellen narrowed her eyes while saying that.
gThere are 6 Spirits, 5 are in a child state, and the remaining one is heavily
injuredcccc..I was told to look around the situation by Issac but, it would be a
different story if it was this much of a good opportunity.h
Ellen prepared her sword. Shidou opened his mouth while glaring back at her with a
sight filled with nervousness.
gcccc..is it really okay, Ellen-san. Your comrades are out of the count. You are
outnumbered.h
gNot need to worry about me. I did not count them in the numbers in the first place
anyway.h
Sweat could be seen flowing down Shidoufs cheeks from Ellenfs words.
Actually, from Natsumifs perspective, Ellenfs superiority was obvious. No matter if
Shidou has more numbers than her, Ellenfs power was very abnormal.
However, after Shidou licked his lips with his tongue, he shook his throat by
shouting.
gI see. Ifll use the great numbers without your concern then.-------Miku!h
As if to respond to Shidoufs words, the melody tune echoing in the surroundings
changed.
The song before was like a marching song to give encouragement to the body and
the song this time was elegant and calming; this song had a mysterious charm to it
as if a musical note was going into the heart.
gWhatever you do is useless. Something like that wonft work on me-------g
gAhh, itfs probably ineffective. To you that ish
gWhat did you say?h
The moment Ellen raised her eyebrows in doubt, the wizards that were blown away
to the surroundings all woke up in a weird posture as if they were puppets, and
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
77 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
started to group around Ellen.
gTsk-----g
She clicked her tongue in detest and stepped firmly with one of her legs. When she
did that, the invisible wall activated around Ellen expanded and stopped the wizards
who were approaching her like a zombie.
But, it seems Shidou had that in his prediction and placed his hands on his ear.
g----------now! Kotori! Ifm counting on you for the retrieval!h
The instant Shidou said that, Natsumi felt an odd floating feeling wrapping around
her body.
gWh-whacccch
gYour wound might hurt but, please bear itcccc.!h
geh------g
While hearing Shidoufs voice, Natsumi felt a pull on her upper body and the feeling
of her transformed body turning back to normal-----she then lost consciousness like
that.
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
78 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
79 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 4
gcccccc..!?h
Inside her own house living room. Origami raised her eyebrows from the sudden
odd feeling attacking her body.
When she thought her body started giving out a pale light out without any notice,
her height was slowly but certainly getting taller and she return to her previous
appearance, which was before she was turned into a child by the Spirit-Natsumi.
gThis iscccc.h
To confirm her body senses, she tried gripping her hands and turned her shoulders
around. It was very abnormal but it does not look abnormal. It seems she really
turned back to normal.
gcc.what happened?h
What could have happened? Did Natsumi get bored of playing this game? Or maybe
Shidou has found Natsumi and succeeded in persuading her, or the AST was
successful in exterminating Natsumi-------she thought up several reasons but, no
matter which one it is, this is no mistake this was good news. Origami stood up
from the spot.
gKuhccc.h
Maybe it was the influence of her body turning back suddenly, just like the dizziness
from standing up too fast, her head was getting giddy. She placed her hands on the
table and supported her body.
But, that giddiness settled down after a few seconds. She lightly pressed her head
while standing up again.
First off was to confirm all the facts. It was essential for her to head over to Shidou
and hear about what has happened. Also, it was probably better to confirm if the
Spirits has turned back to normal starting with Yatogami Tohka. If they remained as
children then, there would be no nuisance entering Origami and Shidoufs love nest.
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
80 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Also, it might be a good idea to show up at the AST Tenguu garrison. Right now,
since Origami was currently waiting for her punishment for defying her previous
orders, she cannot join in missions but, she could hear the teamfs situation from her
colleague Mikie and the mechanic Mildred. After establishing a plan for now, she
pulled the collar of the shirt she was wearing. Since her body turned back to normal
while she was wearing clothes meant for children, the size did not match her.
She headed to her room and chose random clothes from her closet. Origami quickly
finished changing and headed to the front entrance. But--------------Origami twitched
her eyebrows at that moment.
The reason was simple. Outside the front entrance, she felt someonefs presence.
Origamifs mansion has an auto lock installed at its entrance and unless the residence
give out the permission, the person is unable to enter the mansion. It was hard to
think it was home delivery service or sudden sales. Which means-----
gcccc..h
After Origami hid her body behind the wall without saying anything, she payed
attention to the front entrance while pulling out a small automatic gun from her leg
holster.
Not long after she did that, *kachari* a sound like that was produced and the door
was thrown open, several men then entered the room. But, at that moment, the wire
installed at the door was pulled and the tear gas sprayed at the group of men
vigorously.
gGuwah!?h
gWhacc..thiscc.!h
The intruders would never have guessed that a normal mansion would have intruder
prevention traps set up. The men raised dismay voices.
Origami brought her eyebrows slightly closer. There were more people than
expected. Even if she was to fight them, winning against them in certainty was
doubtful.
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
81 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
82 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
After making that decision in an instant, Origami crossed the room and exited from
the window.
Thinking that this might happen, she installed (Done secretly from the landlord) a
simple scaffold on the mansion wall.
gShe escaped using the window!h
gChase her!h
The voices from the group of men could be heard from above. She canft afford to
stay here any longer. Origami took out the shoes she hid in the mansionfs premise
before quickly putting it on and running towards the city.
gThey areccccch
Who could they be? While escaping, Origami muttered softly and tried searching
for the reason in her head. But, she could not think of any violent visitors that would
suddenly intrude her house.
Thus, after she thought of that, the cell phone in her pocket started to vibrate.
After searching for her cell phone in her pocket with her hand and taking it out
while paying attention to not drop her speed, she found out the name [Kusakabe
Ryouko] was being displayed on the screen. It was the name of the AST captain
Origami was affiliated with.
She then pressed the call button and placed the cell phone up to her ear, and could
hear a familiar voice immediately.
gHello are you there, Origami?h
gWhat?h
When Origami answered her while running, Ryouko gasped as if she guessed
Origamifs situation.
gOrigami, donft tell me you are running right now?h
gcccccc.. How do you know that?h
When Origami asked shortly, Ryouko kept quiet for a while before continuing her
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
83 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
words with difficulties.
gCalm down and listen to me.-----Your disciplinary punishment has been
decidedh
gcccccc.Uhh
Origami gasped at Ryoukofs gloomy words.
But, Origami understood everything from that one sentence. The men that intruded
just now, were agents dispatched to capture Origami. She heard that problematic
targets will be captured so that they will not resist before the punishment could be
told.
Last month Origami used the prohibited annihilation armor <White Licorice> to
protect Shidou, and attacked their friendly troops, the DEM team. Until that matter is
fixed, she was prohibited to join in any AST missions.
But that matter has the basis of the DEM going overboard and there are some in the
upper-ranks that gave out opinions of sympathy for Origami. Then why would------
As if she guessed Origamifs thoughts, Ryouko continued her words.
gcccccThis matter was decided to be scrapped away as a special case
because of many opinions from a great number of people. But, now you are
going to be dealt with a punishment.-------there is no mistake there is some kind
of power movingh
gcccccDEMh
gcccc.h
Ryouko did not answer-------that silence has confirmed it.
g-------anyways. I am going to try negotiating with the superiors now. Right
now-----g
gFound her! Over here!h
And, at that moment, a man appeared in the street in front of her and blocked
Origamifs path. It was hard to think how he arrived there before her. Most likely,
there was another team from the start.
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
84 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gcccccc.h
She entered a side road since she had no choice but--------it was a dead end. She
immediately turned her back to the wall and was cornered. gYou sure caused us
some trouble, Master sergeant Tobiichi. Your punishment has been decided. We will
have you follow us."
The male leader walked out and said that to Origami while glaring at her. Origami
did not answer to him and looked at the surrounding situation by moving her eyes.
Front, back, up, left and right-----however, she couldn't find any escape route from
this number of people.
He might have guessed that, the male leader snorted.
gItfs useless. Stay down.h
gkuhcccc..h
After Origami glared at the man in detest, the cell phone she was holding suddenly
started vibrating.-------it was an incoming call. It seems, when she was running away
from the group of men just now, she accidentally cut off the call. It should be
Ryouko calling her back.
Maybe, she would be able to gain new information. Origami glared at the men
without lowering her guard, while fumbling her hand to the call button without
looking at the screen and pressed it before bringing her phone to her ears.
But.
g------Hello? Is there any mistake that this is the cell phone of Master sergeant
Tobiichi Origami?h
What she heard from the receiver of the phone was a much unexpected voice.
gccccEllen Mathersccc.?h
Origami called out that name while bringing her eyebrows together. Ellen. DEM
Companyfs Wizard.
After hearing that name, the men slightly moved their eyebrows.
gWhat do you want?h
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
85 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gPlease donft be so unkind. Master sergeant Tobiichi.h
Maybe she felt a little sharpness inside Origamifs voice, so Ellen said that.
But, right now, Origami was going to lose her power by the hands of DEM. Not
having any hostility to her is asking for the impossible.
Before even that, a few days ago, Origami recently just crossed blades with Ellen at
the DEM HQ building. Although the difference in strength was clear-----Origami
has also landed one hit on Ellen. At the very least, there is no way she would hold
any good thoughts towards Origami too.
However, Ellen did not show any hostility towards Origami and continued talking in
a very businesslike tone.
gI am going to be straightforward with you.-----Master sergeant Tobiichi. Will
you work under me?h
gccccwhat do you mean?h
Origami raised her eyebrows doubtfully from those unexpected words.
gJust like what I said. Will you join the DEM industryfs second executive team?
I promise you better treatment---- more than any before in various kinds of
ways.h
g------------I do not plan to lend a hand to an organization that would harm Shidou.h
gIf that is the case, then donft worry. Regarding Itsuka Shidou, we do not plan
to actively attack him for the mean time.h
gccc.Do you think I will believe you?h
When Origami said that, Ellen made a small sigh.
gI see. How regretful. But, is that really okay? It seems, you are standing in a
predicament. If you are caught now, it would mean that you will lose your
powers to go against the Spirits for eternity.h
gccccccc!h
Origami sharpened her sights from Ellenfs words.------she knows Origamifs
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
86 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
current situation.
Everything connected in an instant. The reason why Origamifs punishment was
decided was because DEM intervened.
gcc..you donft have any resentment towards me for getting injured by me?h
gI wonft say there is none. But the desire of wanting a useful subordinate has
won against that now. -----And one that is strong enough to land a hit on my
body.h
gccccch
Of course, Origamifs expression could not be sent to the other side of the receiver,
but Ellen continued on as if she saw through Origamifs reaction.
gInside DEM industry, there exists many powerful CR-units that could not be
compared to the ones deployed to many nations.--------Don't you want to clear
your parents regrets?h
gccccccuhh
It seems Origamifs past has been investigated. Origami leaked a breath unpleasantly.
But, Origami was made to stop her unpleasant voice from the next word Ellen said.
g----5 years ago, a great fire attacked the Tenguu Nankou town. At that time,
there were several Reiha spotted on the spot. Naturally, that information is
DEMfs top secret but--------if you become a wizard in the second executive team
then, I would not mind disclosing that to youh
gWha----------g
She opened her eyes wide and gasped.
Several Reiha readings. Those words supported Shidoufs claims.
Shidoufs sister <Efreet>- Itsuka Kotori. Origami has chased that fire spirit for her
parentfs revenge.
But, Shidou said there was another Spirit existing at that spot during that time------
and said that Kotori was not the target for revenge for her parents. And as if to
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
87 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
match up with that, the man standing in front of her, let out an irritated voice.
gWhat are you talking from just now?! Never mind already, catch her!h
Listening to the leader fs order, the group of men filled in the distance as if to
surround Origami.
gKuh-------g
g----------well. How about it? Tobiichi Origami.h
gccc.., ccccch
After a few seconds of silence.-----Origami voiced out her conclusion.
g--------I understand. Give me power.h
And at that moment.
gGuhccc..!?h
gKuh, ah---------g
The group of men, who filled in the gaps between Origami to capture her, all let out
a painful groan at once and started collapsing to the ground.
gThis iscccc.h
When Origami raised her eyebrows, one Nordic blonde girl pressing a cell phone
onto her ears slowly walked from behind the collapsed group of men.
She then extended her hands towards Origami.
g-----------Welcome, to DEM industryh
From the front and her phone receiver.
Ellen Mather fs voice shook Origamifs eardrum.
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
88 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
89 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Chapter 8: MakeupTransform
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
90 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
91 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 1
g-------I heard Natsumi woke up!?h
The door opened and Shidou raised his voice.
It was in a corner of an underground facility in the city owned by <Ratatoskr>.
Inside the room, it was made just like the <Fraxinus> bridge; there were many
gauges and giant monitor installed in it.
gAah, that was fast, Shidouh
And as if to respond to Shidoufs voice, a chair placed in the center of the room
turned around and the girl sitting on it faced towards him.--------itfs Kotori. When
Natsumi lost consciousness, <Haniel>fs transformation ability was released and
Kotori turned back to the appearance just like the one inside Shidou's memories.
No----If it were to be said more specifically, it is a little different. Shidou tilted his
head in confusion.
gHncc.? Kotori, whatfs with that face?h
When he looked carefully, he saw pale red lines on Kotorifs face. Yes, it was like
she was scratched by a cat.
Kotori [Ahhcccc.] scratched her cheek before, [ccccwell, Shidou please
be careful] saying that.
gNo, from whatccc..whatever, more importantly where is Natsumi? She woke up
right?h
gYes, follow me.---------over hereh
Shidou left the room while being urged by Kotori and *Kaka* systematic footsteps
sounds echoed in the corridor which has a wider width than <Fraxinus>.
This was the first time he came here but, the facility looks like it was made like the
place he used during the time he pinned down Natsumifs identity a few days ago. It
seems <Ratatoksr> possess several facilities like this in order to prepare for various
situations.
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
92 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
A few days ago, after Kotori and the girls picked up Natsumi with the <Fraxinus>,
she was immediately moved to this facility and went through examinations and
treatment. It was hard to say that the wound she got from Ellen was light by any
standard but, luckily it was not something life-threatening.
g------Therefs that problem with Ellen and we really want to keep her in the
<Fraxinus> butccc..as expected, there is no way we can leave a Spirit that has not
gotten sealed yet thereh
While walking through the corridor, Kotori said that while taking a glance at
Shidou.
That was only normal. If a full powered Spirit went on a rampage inside, no matter
how quarantined the area was, it would not last a second.
gHere.h
Kotori suddenly stopped. Right in front of them, he saw a solid door there.
Kotori then input the number on the terminal installed beside the door with familiar
movements and hit her hand on it. When she did that, a digital rhythmical tone was
produced and the door slid open.
gGo on, Shidou.h
gAahccc..h
Kotori urged him and he entered.
There was a wide space behind the door. There were several types of machines lined
up inside the dim room and inside the middle, a solid looking glass dividing the
room could be seen there. Itfs made quite similarly to the quarantine space Kotori
was in when she had her powers back inside <Fraxinus>.
And on top of the bed placed inside, there was one girl distorting her face unhappily
and playing with a doll while sitting down.
gccccNatsumih
Shidou quietly called her name.
Her head was covered with bed hair, and has unhealthy pale white skin. Her back
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
93 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
was low and her arms and legs were thin like branches.
That girl was sitting on the bed while wearing a hospital gown. For an instant,
Shidou saw Natsumi as a patient who has a serious disease and has little time left to
live with.
She looks like, but at the same time does not look like the Spirit-Natsumi, Shidou
and the girls saved yesterday. But, Shidou knew about this. That appearance he is
seeing through the glass is Natsumifs real form.
g------------I think you know this buth
Kotori moved the Chupa chups inside her mouth around while saying that.
gPlease be careful. It seems she temporarily canft use her angel because of the
damage she got from Ellen but, the opponent is a spirit. Whatfs more, at the current
point her impression value towards Shidou is at its worst.h
gaahcccc..but, there wonft be any meaning if I donft talk right?h
gJust like you say. Unless Natsumi opens her heart to Shidou, it would be impossible
to seal Natsumifs powers. I wonft ask you to make her fall for you, but please get
some kind of clue. Thatfs because this is a big chance.h
gBig chance?h
When Shidou asked in wonder, Kotori unnaturally shrugged her shoulders.
gWell itfs obvious isn't it? She is heavily injured and canft use her power freely.
Whatfs more, she is now being confined in a place she doesnft know. Even if she
acts brave, she would at least feel a little anxious. If Shidou fixes that then the
possibility of her affection point increasing is high.h
gI wonder if it would go that wellccc..I would be cautious if it was me.h
gWell yeah. But, tentatively, you are the hero who risked your life to save Natsumi.
She probably wonft be that hard-hearted.h
gItfll be nice if that is the case.h
After lightly arranging his breathing, Shidou [Ifm going now] said that to Kotori
and placed his hands on the entrance of the room which was separated with a glass.
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
94 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
He slowly opened the door and entered inside. The transparent wall seen from the
outside, looks like a normal white from the interior side. Other than a bed, there
were also cupboards and a table placed inside the room. Incidentally, there were
various entertainment goods prepared and it could be inferred that <Ratatoskr> has
put in a lot of painful hard-work to not let Natsumi get bored.
gccccccc!h
The moment Shidou entered the room, Natsumi who was on the bed twitched her
shoulders.
gYo-yocc.Natsumih
Shidou tried his best to make a smiling face and greeted her. However, rather than
replying back to the greeting, Natsumi immediately started throwing objects near
her hands like the toys, pillow and cushion on her bed.
gcccc..! ccccc!h
gWahccccwait! Thatfs dangerous Natsumi!h
gDoccccLoccccreccccc.!h
gEh?h
No matter what Natsumi said, it could not be heard properly. He raised his eyebrows
and asked back.
gDonftccccc..lookcccchere!h
gEh, no, whyccccch
After Shidou tilted his head, a panda doll flew to him and took a clean hit on his
face.
gHepu!?h
gccccc.!h
But, that panda doll was the last ammo. Realizing that she has nothing on the bed to
throw, Natsumi panicked for a while before, crawling into the bed cover.
She squirmed around for a few seconds before, bringing only her eyes out and
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
95 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
glared at Shidou. Itfs as if she was a sniper wearing a Ghillie suit lurking in the
thicket.
gWhaccc.what do you wantccc.!h
While glaring at Shidou with a sight filled with hostility, Natsumi said that.
gNo, I just want to talk with you a littleccc..h
gI have nothing to talk aboutccc! Ge-get out!h
gDo-donft say something like that. Is your wound okay?h
guuccc..h
When Shidou said that, Natsumi hesitated to talk awkwardly.
And after a few seconds of silence, she continued her words.
gccccwhyccdid you help. Meh
gYou ask whyccc..well thatfs because, you were beaten up by Ellenccc.h
gI donft mean that!h
When Shidou replied her, Natsumi interrupted Shidoufs words by shouting.
gI-icccc..didnft I disguised myself as you, erased your comradescc..and did
only bad things to you! Whycccwhy did you save me?! You! And your comrades
tooccc..!h
After saying that, Natsumi *pii* pointed at Shidou with her finger. Shidou folded his
arms before making a tired sigh.
gAahcc..I seriously give up to that. As expected even my innards got cold. Will
you stop that?h
gLike I saidccc.!h
Natsumi said that in irritation. Shidou was in thoughts for an instant but, he
immediately *pon* hit his hand.
gAh, I see. You have to apologize to everyone properly okay?h
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
96 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gAaah, Moouucccc.!h
Natsumi swung her hands around inside the bed cover. Dust flew out nearby. It
seems she wasn't that happy with Shidoufs reply.
But to Shidou, he would only get troubled if he was asked something like [Why did
you save me?]. He scratched the back of his head while, replying back:
gEven if you tell me thatccc..if I come across an event like that, I have no choice
but to save you right?h
gDocccdonft joke with me! There is no way that is right! Just say it! What is
your goal!? Just what kind of self-interest do you have until you would save the
criminal that was causing trouble to yourself?!h
gcccc.no, well, how should I say this? Itfs true that I received a lot of pain
butccc..when I talk to spirits, although the level is different, I would usually face
the same kind of thing. Look, therefs Tohka and Yoshino right? I think you would
know this already but, they are spirits just like you. Honestly speaking, I was close
to dying several times already you know?h
gDi-dyingccc.?h
gAah. I would be shot with beams without any reservation, and the city was almost
close to being frozenh
gHacchaaah!?h
gI seriously was close to being eaten and there was a time I was almost close to
becoming cinders.h
gEhcc.ehh?h
gNext there was a time I was almost blown away by an attacking typhooncccaah,
speaking about a recent event, as expected it was a close call when everyone in the
city got brainwashed and came attacking me all at once.h
gcccccc..h
Coming from the gap of the bed cover, Natsumi opened her eyes wide as if she
heard something unbelievable. Shidou made a wry smile while continuing.
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
97 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gSocc..how should I say this, as long there is someone getting hurt, although I
canft say donft worry about it, Tohka and the girls would reflect on those actions,
overcome it, and is living like that right now. If that is the case, there is no reason
you canft do that too right?h
After Shidou said that, Natsumi became silent for a while before, snorting roughly.
gWha-what is with thatcccyou thought you said something cool?h
gNo, Itfscccch
Not like that, he could not finish that line. He scratched his cheeks while talking to
Natsumi again.
gMore importantly, I have one question, are you okay with that?h
gcccccccccccccwhat?h
After taking enough time, Natsumi replied back. Nonetheless, itfs great itself that she
didnft refuse point-blank. Shidou made a small nod before asking his question.
gThe reason why you disguised as me and erased everyone. Why did you do
something like that?h
gccccc..!h
When Shidou asked, Natsumi glared back at him from the gap of the bed.
gThatfs becauseccccisnft it obvious that you saw my secret during that
timecccc!h
gSecretcc.by that you mean?h
gI-Isnft it obviouscccc..that itfs my real appearance!h
gHuhcccccc.? Wai-wait a second. Why would you have motives once your
appearance is seen!?h
Natsumi replied back by shouting while having tearful eyes. When she did that,
Natsumi gritted her teeth before continuing.
gWhatcccdid you saycccc..? Ha-have a limit even for jokes! Isnft it obvious
from looking! After looking at a shabby appearance like thiscccccthere is no
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
98 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
way you can remain calm!? Or what is it? Is it your goal to make me say that with
my mouth!?h
Natsumi shouted hysterically, and *Pofu**pofu* hit the top of the bed. Shidou did
not really get it but, it seems that event was something lethal to Natsumi. While
getting blood-shot eyes, she continued on her agitated manner.
gThe atmosphere was quite good when I first met you right? You said I was
beautiful right? But why is that? Thatfs because I was in that Onee-san appearance
right!? If I was like this in the beginning, would you have that reaction? You wonft
right? There is no way you would be nervous right? If that is the case then, you
would just ignore me even if I talk to you right!?h
gSom-something like thatccccc.h
gThaaaaaatt issssssss impossssibleeeeeeeee! Currently------the people over here, if
[I] remain as [I], then no one would bother about mecccc.!h
gNatsumiccccc?h
For an instant, Shidou felt the tone of her words turned sadder suddenly and brought
his eyebrows together.
But immediately, Natsumi once again sharpened her sights.
gAnyway! I, i will not forgive anyone in this world who knows my real
appearanceccccc.!h
After saying that, she once again put the disarranged bed cover back on.
As if he was overpowered by Natsumifs vigor, Shidou took one step back and
collected Natsumifs words in his head.
The thing iscccccNatsumi seems to hate her real appearance very much.
Because of that, she transformed her own body using <Haniel>fs ability into her
idealistic onee-sanccccc...thatfs it then.
Looking only at that composition, it was no difference from an old-fashion witch
heroine. ccccwell, for Natsumifs case, it seems her disgust towards her real
appearance has a remarkable difference.
But, even when he understood that, Shidou has yet points he did not understand.
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
99 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
The problem was simple. Thatfs-----------
gUuuuuncccc..but Natsumi. Is your current appearance really that
disappointing?h
Itfs true that her hair is messy and although it is hard to call it flattery or healthy but,
he felt that Natsumi does not look that bad until self-depreciation. If she would
neaten up a bit then her level would be cute enough.
However, Natsumi sent back her sights baring hostility towards Shidoufs words.
gSaying something like thatcccc.! I will not get fooled! I will not get fooled!h
gNo, I am not fooling you. Let me see your face clearly a bit.h
After saying that, Shidou slowly walked over the bed and placed his hands on the
bed cover covering Natsumi.
g! Hnnn! Hnnnnnn!h
Natsumi struggled, and tried resisting but--------maybe because the wounds hurt her,
she immediately turned quiet and Shidou pulled off the bed cover.
gccccccc!h
Natsumifs face turned red while closing her eyes tightly, and shrank her body.
Itfs true that she does not have the sensual and sexy charm of the adult version
Natsumi but, if she were to clean up her appearance then, she would probably
change into a wonderful lady.
gHn, like I guessed. Donft talk bad about yourself. The current you properly has the
charms that the current you only has.h
gWhatccc..! Donft say it like you knowcccc!h
Natsumi made a face full with hatred but, *Jiii* she stared back at Shidoufs face.
Natsumi stopped her words and averted her eyes in a troubled manner.
And after a while of silence, Natsumi opened her small mouth.
gccc..Really? Isccccis it really okay for me to remain like this?h
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
100 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gAah, really.h
After Shidou made a strong nod, he extended his hands towards Natsumi as if he
was reaching out to her.
gThatfs why; apologize to everyone properly with that appearance, and with your
words. Itfs okay. Everyone will understand. If you do that------you should be able to
be friends with everyone.h
gccccfri..endh
gAahh
Natsumi looked downwards in a manner as if she has no idea what to do but, soon in
a timid manner, she extended her hand towards Shidoufs hand. But, the moment
when both of their hands were about to touch.
Natsumi turned her palms around and *Piii* erected her middle finger.
g-------wait, I wonft be fooled by those words! Iddiooooot!h
She then said that with a loud voice.
ghehccc..?h
gFrieeeeend? You are just going to say that and once I'm fooled, youfll make me as
a target of ridicule right!? Uwah, she really took those words seriously, what an
idiot! Something like that.. youfll say that and cackle right!? You probably have a
panel with the word [Shock] written on it right!? I get it! I get it so!h
gN-nocc....Natsumi?h
He took a step back as if he was over-pressured by Natsumi. But rather than calming
down, Natsumi was heating up.
gThis ugly girl getting all that confident after wearing the skin of a beautiful Oneesan,
how disgusting! You are thinking something like that right!? I get it even if you
didnft say shit! In this whole world, I know myself the best that I am a hopeless
trash! But, I canft help it! What the hell can I do?!h
gCa-calm down, Natsumi! No one is thinking like-------------g
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
101 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gShut uppppppppppppppp! For a nice guy like you itfs obvious that you would
secretively say bad things about others behind their backs and post vilification in the
SNS! You would post with a photo attached and it would be like, I saw this ugly girl
today and I seriously felt sick. Am I right?! Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahh! Just die die die
die die die die dieeeeeeeeeeeee! I will get you flooded with spamss! I will put a
GyotakuI [9C 1] on you and expose you in a giant BBS and corner you until you get
kicked out of schoooooolllll!h
gArenft you a little too clear about modern day society!?h
Shidou made a comeback in reflex but, now wasnft the time for that. He then tried to
calm Natsumi who was raging.
gAn-anyway, just calm down. Wha!? Come on, take one big breathccc.h
gUgaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!h
However, it was useless. The agitated Natsumi swung both her hands around and-----
--she then prepared her fingernails and, *gariii* scratched Shidoufs face.
gccccccccc.h
gThatfs why I told you to be carefulh
After Shidou exited Natsumifs room, Kotori who has the same scratch mark made
on her face like Shidou said that while shrugging her shoulders. It seems, Kotori
was also scratched by Natsumi just like him.
gcccccc..Ifll ask just in case but, how is the mental state?h
gThere were some ups and downs but, itfs not in a level that a seal can be placed.h
gYeahhhhccccc.h
Shidou was patting his scratched face which was still in pain while looking over to
the quarantine room divided by an invisible wall. Maybe she calmed down a little
thanks to Shidou leaving; Natsumi arranged her breathing and got off her bed
slowly before collecting the pillows and doll she threw just now.
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
102 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
From what could be seen, it was a normal action. However in Shidoufs perspective,
the aim for picking them up wasnft to keep things tidy but rather, it looked like she
was replenishing her ammo for intercepting another person if they entered the
room.
gIt seems she does not have any confidence in her real appearance. We have to fix
that complex somehow or else, even if we manage to seal her Reiryoku, a counterflow
would occur.h
Kotori said that difficultly while placing her hands on her chin.
Actually, it was just as Kotori says. By some chance Natsumifs power was sealed,
Natsumi would not be able to use her transformation ability. Of course------------not
only would she be unable to become that onee-san, she will have to live her life
using her real appearance like that. Judging from Natsumifs current
stateccccccc..that would be extremely hard for her.
gBut, we canft take our time with this. We have a time limit.h
gTime limit?h
When Shidou asked, Kotori nodded and [Isnft it obvious] said that.
gRight now, the reason why Natsumi is keeping quiet is because the damage she
received from Ellen is not healed yet. If her body is healed up to the point she is able
to use her angel freely, then she would probably run away immediately.h
gAhccccc.I see. If you think about it that way, how long is the postponement?h
When he said that, Kotori made two fingers stand making a peace sign.
gFrom Reinefs diagnosis, the longest we have is around 2 days. We have to
somehow make Natsumi open up within that 2 days interval.h
gUuuncccc.h
Shidou folded his arms while bringing his eyebrows together and immersed himself
in thoughts.
There is no time. On top of that, Natsumi was currently in a situation where she
hates having even a decent conversation with them. As expected, first off, they have
to somehow soften that strong complex of hers------
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
103 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gcccc.ah.h
At that moment, Shidou thought of a certain idea, and *pon* hit his hands.
gHey Kotori. I donft know if this would work well but, how about this?h
g..What kind?h
Kotori raised one eye brow while tilting her head. Shidou gave a brief explanation
of his idea to her.
gFumucccc..I see.h
After he did that, Kotori placed her hand on her chin and made the rod of the Chupa
chups she was eating stand up.
gOkay. We donft have any other effective methods anyway so letfs try that.
will prepare everything you needh
gAah, I am counting on you. Ifll ask everyone if I can have them help out.h
gYes, Ifll ask you for that.-----------Wefll carry out the plan tomorrow. We will
commence the next plan after Natsumi finished her breakfast.h
gOu. Donft over sleep.h
gYou too.h
After Kotori said that, she interposed the chupa chups with her fingers and *nii*
raised the side of her lips.
gWell then-------Let our beginh
<Ratatoskr>
We
war
Date
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
104 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
105 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 2
gHnnncccc..h
Next morning. After Natsumi woke up, she found out there was a nice smell floating
in the room.
She immediately knew where the smell was coming from. A part of the wall
changed and turned into something like a table, with breakfast being placed on top
of it. Grouped together was bacon, eggs, 2 bread rolls and soup along with a salad.
There was steam coming out from the soup and the bacon was still giving out
*crackle* sounds. She found out it was not something ready-made but something
that was just cooked.
It seems a part of the wall is convertible into opening and closing, and was made to
allow putting the food into the room through that. Yesterday for lunch and dinner,
they were prepared in the room before Natsumi noticed.
gcccccch
After Natsumi moved towards the tray, she cautiously took a deep sniff of the food
placed on the plate before timidly starting to move it into her mouth.
The delicious grease from the juicy bacon and the mild taste of the egg mixed
together complexly in her mouth. Natsumi relaxed her cheeks-------and
*puun**puun* swung her head to resist.
gDamncccccwhy is it so deliciousccc..h
She muttered that in regret while eating the food.
Natsumi stuffed her cheeks with the bread filled with jam on top while looking
around at the room she was trapped in once again.
There was a bed, table, and television. Almost every other thing necessary for living
was present there. Whatfs more, food or sweets would be automatically rationed
without even meeting with anyone else. In a way, this is the best environment.
But--------She cannot stay here forever. Natsumi stroke the wound on her stomach
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
106 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
while grinding her teeth.
She has no idea what kind of goals Shidou and Kotori has but, it was not hard to
imagine that it would be something not beneficial to Natsumi. Using some kind of
method, it has to be revenge towards Natsumi. It might be they were trying to fatten
her up before eating her. If that was the case then, there is no reason why they would
give such delicious food to Natsumi.
gI wonft let it go your waycccc.!h
The wound she got from Ellen was healing all right. If things go well, she would
probably heal enough until she is able to manifest <Haniel> in a few daysf time. If
that happens then, the wall of this room would be exactly like the term paper-thin.
Itfs better to escape as fast as possible.
Tentatively, she can choose to run to the neighbor world by getting lost but; not only
was will her body be burdened when moving between worlds-------there is a
possibility that she would get pulled back to this world right after she returned back
to the neighbor world. If possible, that's something she does not want to do.
Even though the likelihood is low, if by any chance she was pulled over here and
during that time, she bumped into the Wizard called Ellen, she would definitely be
killed this time.
Anyways, right now her highest priority is to think about healing her body and
acquiring some energy. Thinking like that, Natsumi took the remaining food and
threw it in her mouth.
And, at that moment.
When the room door suddenly opened, several human shadows entered the room
and surrounded Natsumi in an instant.
gEhcccc..!?h
She was surprised by the sudden event and leaked out a hysteric voice out from her
throat.
When she looked at her surroundings in panic, she found out every one of them
were familiar faces.
Shidou and Kotori. And also, Tohka, Yoshino who were chosen as her suspect
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
107 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
candidates.
Obviously for Kotori; Tohka too who was full with pride while blessed with that
appearance and Yoshino who pulls in the intentions of male with that timid behavior
were the type of girls Natsumi hated.
But, that wasnft the problem now. Every one of them surrounding Natsumi was, for
some reason, carrying ropes and a big sack with them.
gWha-whacccwhat!?h
Being surrounded in four sides, when Natsumi released a voice filled with
confusion, Kotori *Pii*! Pointed her fingers towards Natsumi.
gCapture her!h
ghhOoou!!hhh
Matching with Kotorifs orders, Shidou, Tohka, and Yoshino moved at the same
time.
*Bassaa*she was made to wear the sack from behind and her sights turned pure
black. Next off, at the same time with Kotorifs order echoing, this time coming
from the top of the sack, her body was coiled up with the rope.
gHnn! Hnnnnnnnnnn!?h
Even though she struggled, it was useless. Her hands and legs were tied with the
rope tightly and she could not even move it. The only thing Natsumi could do was to
twist and turn her body like an earless seal that was just washed ashore on the beach.
And immediately, her body was elevated and carried up by someone.
gSo, Kotori. What should we do next?h
gYeah, bring her over here like that.h
gUmu, I get it!h
After hearing that conversation through the thick sack, Tohka who was carrying
Natsumi started to move.
---I am being brought somewhere!? The worst of imaginations ran wild in
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
108 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Natsumifs mind. Will I be on top of a chopping board once the sack is taken
offccc..!? Or maybe, I might be thrown into a boiling hotpot with the sack on!?
gI! I! I-If you eat me, your stomach will break!h
However, Tohka who was carrying Natsumi did not even twitch. The sound of sways
resounded to her and it was telling Natsumi that she was gradually reaching the
targeted place.
After how long has passed since then, Natsumi got tired of shouting and when she
started to leave her body lifeless on Tohkafs shoulder, Tohka suddenly stopped and
slowly lowered Natsumi on the spot.
The rope and sack was taken off next. A soft light flew towards Natsumifs eyes
which has gotten used to the dark.
gUuccccc.h
While making a shadow on her face with her hand, she waited for her eyes to get
used to it and------Natsumi *pokan* opened her mouth from the unexpected scenery
that unfolded.
gWha-what, is thisccccch
Over there, she was not on top of a giant chopping board nor was she on top of a
boiling hotpot of hell.
Inside the room shined by lines of warm light, there was one bed fit for one person
to lie down and there were slight scents of flowers floating nearby. It was a calm
space enough to be anti-climatic.
When Natsumi was being blank, a girl wearing a nurse outfit standing beside the bed
swung her small hand.
gOkaay, a one-day limited beauty salon, welcome to [Salon do Miku]g
After saying that, the girl gave her a smile. It was a face she knew. Her name should
be------Izayoi Miku. Her selfishly voluptuous breasts were ostentatiously dangling.
She was a type of girl Natsumi hates.
gWai-wait a second, what is thisccc?h
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
109 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gWhat do you mean by what? Didnft Miku say that just now? Itfs a beauty salon.
Wefre going to have you get a skin care.h
gccccc..!?h
Shidoufs reply was clear but, Natsumi got even more unnecessarily confused.
gWait a second. I donft understand. Why--------g
At that moment, Natsumi suddenly twitched her shoulders. She got an idea of Shidou
and the girlfs real motives.
gHacccc..hahaccccc.I seecccc.after making me do something like
this, you all were going to laugh at the humorous appearance of an ugly girl in a
misunderstanding? Ahahaccc..You people sure have one heck of a hobby.
Having the same rotten character like mecccch
gTouu!h
gOuch!h
In the middle of Natsumifs words, Kotori gave a chop on her head. She groaned
after pressing her head in reflex.
gWhat was that for?!h
gOther than that appearance, we have to do something about that negative
persecution complex. Anyways, hurry up and lie down. We are pressed for time.h
gI donft want tocccc..! Why should I do that even though I know I will be
laughed atccc!h
gOh youccc..h
Kotori sighed while scratching her head. And at that moment, Shidou placed his
hands on Kotorifs shoulders.
gWell Natsumi, how about this? For today, we will use the methods we thought off
and show you we can [Transform] you. If that succeeds then it is my win. We want
you to listen to what we have to say face to face.------but, if you think nothing has
changed at all then, we will lose. You can do whatever you want later.h
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
110 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gccccwhatever I like, what do you mean?h
gLetfs seeccccc..for the time being, how about letting you run away to a place
you like?h
gcccc..!h
Natsumi opened her eyes wide at Shidoufs words. That plan was very unexpected for
Kotori but, Kotori poked Shidoufs elbow.
gHey, Shidou..h
gWhy not? We have no other methods.------how about it, Natsumi? I think it doesnft
sound bad.h
gccccc.h
Natsumi narrowed her eyes to find Shidoufs intentions.
In any case, once her body recovers, she can run away using <Haniel>. But, as long
as there are spirits like Tohka and Yoshino beside Shidou and the group, she canft
deny that there is a possibility they might hinder her.
Also, the challenge was not a challenge at all. No matter how hard they try, it is
impossible to do something about this shabby appearance. It is irritating that she will
be laughed at once she follows the cajolery of her opponent but, she felt that if she
was able to run away safely, then it isn't a bad deal.
gccccI understand. Then itfs okay.h
gI see.---------then for now, please follow Mikufs instructions.h
gcccccccch
Natsumi glared at Shidou silently. But, Shidou did not falter even for a bit and send
his sights back at her.
gThink about it, Natsumi.h
gccc..huh? About what?h
g--------About the fact that a girl can [Transform] without using an Angel.h
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
111 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gcccccc.uhh
That manner of speaking pissed her off very much, Natsumi *pui* looked away
from Shidoufs face.
g-----alright, Ifll leave this to you Miku.h
gOkay okay. Leave it to meeh
Shidou made a small swing with his hand and went outside through the door deep
inside the room. When he did that, Miku turned her body around and crawled her
sights on Natsumifs body.
gAlright, letfs begin. For the time being, please take off the clothes you are wearing
right now.h
After saying that, Miku repeatedly opened and closed both her hands while
approaching her. For some reason, she felt that the shine in her eyes were different
if compared to when Shidou was here.
gEhcccnocccch
Natsumi stepped back unintentionally. Even in death, she will not show her seedylooking
body to this girl whose breasts are like a Holsteinfs----more importantly,
she sensed a danger to her body with her instinct.
But, Kotori who was standing-by behind her, *gaaa* grabbed her shoulders and she
lost her movement.
gWaiccc..!h
gYou donft know when to give up, seriously. Please keep quiet.h
gIt's going to be okay. It wonft hurt.h
gKyaa! Kyaaa!h
Mikufs breathing gotten heavier while stripping off Natsumifs hospital gown.
Natsumi struggled but, the resistance was futile and she was turned naked without a
single thread of string on her before she was to lay her body downwards onto the
bed.
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
112 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gWha-what are you planning to doccc..!?h
gUufufu, I did get scared a lot thanks to you. I will properly have my pay back
okay?h
After Miku said that, she made a grin and took a bottle placed on the shelf before
starting to smear that strange liquid inside that bottle on Natsumifs back.
gKyaaaaaa! What!? What are you doing!?h
gCome on, donft struggle. Itfs the best grade of aroma oil you know.h
Miku moved her fingers while gently brushing Natsumifs skin.
gAhcccafuucch
Towards a new sensation she has not experienced before, weird voices could be
heard leaking out from Natsumifs throat.
gUfufu, it feels nice right? As expected, it isnft in a profs level but, I am quite good
at this. It is no good you know? You have to treat your skin properlyh
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
113 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
114 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gEv-even if youcc..tell me thatccc..h
gFirst, it seems you say you have no confidence in yourself but, there is no way I
could be convinced if you told me that after not putting in any effort. Well, there are
natural born beauties like Tohka-san in this world but, all the girls you are jealous
off in this world has worked hard to try to become beautiful.h
gThatfs because, no matter what I docccch
While saying that, Natsumi felt her consciousness getting hazy. Maybe because of
the accumulated fatigue on her body or maybe itfs because of Mikufs massage
feeling too comfortable, a sudden urge of sleep attacked her.
gIcccccch
At the end of those words. Natsumi fell asleep.
g-----Okay! Done and done!h
gccccc.!h
Because of Mikufs voice, Natsumi immediately woke up.
Wondering of when she changed her body position, she was right now sleeping on
the bed facing upwards. Tentatively, there is a bath towel placed on her chest but, it
was somewhat embarrassing.
gHow is it? Whatfs your impression?h
gEhccc..erh
Asked by Miku, Natsumi lightly brushed her own skin.
And then-------she opened her eyes wide in astonishment.
g! Wha-what, is thisccc?h
It was unexpectedly unbelievable. Her dry skin has turned fresh like a babyfs skin.
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
115 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gUfufu. Every one that first experiences a beauty salon gets surprised. Well, of
course, that condition will not go on forever but, it is deeply moving as expected.h
gAmazingccc.eh, thisccc.is really my handcccc?h
gYes, It is without a doubt real. Ufufu, if I got such a nice reaction, I look forward to
the next room.h
gEhcccc..?h
gAlright, once you wear your clothes, this time itfs this way.h
And thus, Kotori who appears to have been waiting on the chair placed on the edge
of the room, stood up while saying that. Incidentally next to her, Tohka and Yoshino
were leaning on each other sleeping.
Natsumi put on her the hospital gown she took off just now following what she was
told before, passing the door deep in the room and advancing to the next room.
gKukuku, glad you came. This is us Yamaifs territory!h
gAdmiration. Ifll praise you for that courage.h
When Natsumi entered the next room, the identical twins were taking a somewhat
cool pose while welcoming her.
It was the gapless lineup of the slender Kaguya and the glamorous Yuzuru. Like she
guessed, they were the type of girls Natsumi hates.
gWh-where isccc.h
Natsumi opened her eyes wide while looking around the room. There was a big
mirror on the wall and facing towards it, there was a big chair placed there. She
understood from one look. Over here------was a beauty parlor.
gGuiding. First off come this wayh
After saying that, Yuzuru pulled Natsumifs hand.
gWahcccch
Just like that, Natsumi sat on the chair deep in the room, and a big cloth was placed
on her, covering her from her neck to below.
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
116 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
The chair then fell, and she was made to face upwards.
gWha-what areccc..h
gResuming. You will know soonh
After Yuzuru said that, she twisted the faucet near her hands and soon, there were
warm water pouring on Natsumifs head.
When she did that, the shampoo foamed bubbles and she started to gently wash
Natsumifs long hair.
gUh, ahcccc.h
Towards the unfamiliar sensation of having her head washed by someone, Natsumi
slightly stirred her body. Looking at that manner, Kaguya who was standing beside
them raised a loud laugh.
gKukakaka! Yuzurufs shampoo is extremely comfortable right! Thatfs because she
has the skills that was able to take away my victory without taking even a minute
during the 71st competition- shampoo battle!h
gSmile. Thatfs because Kaguya is ticklish.h
Yuzuru quietly said that while washing the bubbles off, the nice smelling treatment
coated Natsumifs hair. Thanks to it being so comfortable, Natsumi felt like sleeping
again.
gSubstitute.----------okay, from this point on, it is Kaguyafs domainh
The treatment then finished and after blowing Natsumifs hair, Yuzuru stood up from
the chair while saying that before, pulling out scissors meant for hair-dressing from
her waist and skillfully turning it before preparing it in both her hands.
gKukuku! Leave it to me!h
gCu-cutcchair?h
gAffirmative! However, rest assured! Looking at the results in the 72nd contest-
Hair care contest, my skills are obvious!h
gcccccc.you two really went with all kinds of random contests.h
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
117 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Looking from the side, Kotori made a wry smile while saying that. Kaguya proudly
bent her chest before answering [Yep!] and standing behind Natsumi.
gWhat, I donft plan to randomly cut down everything. However------the pain coming
from the hair tips and heavy bundles of hairs! I will not let you off! Fall like flowers
from my scissor skill ? Kaizer Scheele wind!h
After shouting, Kaguya rang the scissor she was holding rhythmically, and the end
of Natsumifs hair flew to the surroundings.
After several minutes, Natsumifs hair which was filled with split ends was arranged
beautifully until it was shocking.
gYoufre kiddingccc..wowh
gFuucc..well, itfs about this I guessh
Just like a gunman who finished his match, Kaguya blew the tip of the scissor before
hanging the finger hole with her finger and after *kuru**kuru* spinning it, she
tucked it away in her waist.
After doing that, she then took out a dryer and comb next, carefully blowing
Natsumifs stiff hair.
gKukucccccIt looks like the habit is strong with this one but, itfs not like there
is no way. If I handle it during the time it is wet, they will not go on a rampage.h
gHa,haaaccch
Natsumi let sweat flow down her cheeks while nodding.
But, itfs true that her skills are worth bragging. Natsumifs hair which usually has
bed hair has turned unbelievably lighter. Somehow, it looked a little bit dazzling.
gKuku, perfect. You are allowed to move to the next area.h
gConsent. This way please.h
gEerrrrccccc.h
Next area. Hearing those words, Natsumi raised her eye brows anxiously.
But, she could not retreat back since she came until here. While being urged,
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
118 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Natsumi opened the door located deep in the room. Following from behind was
Kotori, the Yamai sisters, Miku, and Tohka and Yoshino who apparently woke up
when Natsumi was having her hair cut.
Across the room was the biggest space until now. Everywhere in the wide floor that
was being laminated by an incandescent lamp, there were beautifully folded shirts,
coats being hung with hangers and skirts there.
Yes------it was a space resembling the shops like the so-called Select shop or
Boutique.
gWhe, where isccc..h
Natsumi looked around restlessly. When she did that, at that moment, her eyes met
with Kotorifs who was behind her.
gFufuun. If there is a Beauty salon and beauty parlor, then the next would definitely
be clothes picking.h
Tohka and the group *un**un* nodded at Kotorifs words.
gccccchu-huh? Wait a bit, I donft really like those-----g
gOkay okay, Ifll listen to you later.-----okay, everyone!h
As if to interrupt Natsumifs words, Kotori *pan**pan* clapped her hands.
gUmu!h
When she did that, who knows when they prepared it, everyone was holding clothes
of their preference and quickly approached Natsumi. Tohka was holding a cute onepiece
and pushing it at Natsumifs body while raising a cheerful voice.
gIsnft that nice!? Itfs cute!h
gUn, thatfs true. Itfs not bad. But, it might be a little cold for this season thoughh
Kotori stroke her chin while saying that before, Yoshino and Yuzuru showed up
with an outer garment and hat this time.
gAlright, together with thiscccc..h
gPlan. This is recommended too.h
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
119 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gHn, why not. Okay, put those on for now, Natsumi.h
After saying that, Kotori pushed Natsumi towards the changing room like it was
natural.
gWaiccccwhy are you all talking without my concern!h
When Natsumi shouted, [Yeah yeah] Kaguya showed her agreement.
gItfs just as Natsumi says. Hold back."
After saying that, Kaguya showed a black outfit with many chains and belts attached.
gAhh, that one is no good you know. I say this is more suitable on Natsumi-chanh
And, as if she was raising her objection, Miku showed another outfit. But this one in
its own way has a lot of frills attached, and it looked like a dress made for dolls.
gccccccc..h
Silently, Natsumi took the clothes from Tohka, Yoshino and Yuzuru before, walking
heavily to the changing room and closing the curtain vigorously.
gW-why! Why would you refuse my jet black outfitccc..!h
gAaahnn! I definitely thought this would be cute!h
Across the curtain, Kaguya and Mikufs voice could be heard.
gDamn, what, what is thisccccc.h
Natsumi mumbled while facing at each other, placed her hands on the hospital gown
she was wearing.
She totally does not like this but, if she were to continue grumbling there, she might
have been forced with Kaguya and Mikufs choices. While feeling gloomy, she took
off the hospital gown and wore the one piece and outer garment, before putting on
the hat.
gMu, Natsumi, are you done yet?h
gIf you are holding back, then Tohka and I will open the curtain!h
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
120 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Tohka and Kotorifs voice could be heard at the opposite side of the curtain. Natsumi
made a big sigh before preparing herself and completely different from the time she
closed the curtain, she slowly opened the curtain up.
Tohka, Kotori, Yoshino, the Yamai sisters and Mikufs sights, all gathered at
Natsumi.
gUucccc.h
Natsumi closed her eyes as if she was resisting the urge to vomit, gradually rising
up from deep down her throat, and gritted her teeth. And the sneering laughs from
the girls were----.
gUmu! Itfs good!h
gUuun, personally I feel that a little more chic is better but, I wonder.h
gAhcccc.like this?h
gEeh--, letfs make it more daring. How about this?h
not heard.
gcccc..heh?h
She opened her eyes wide at the unexpected voices shaking her eardrums. When she
did that, there were 6 people and 1 object looking over at her with fun and serious
expressions.
gErrccccch
She hesitated at the unexpected response. When she did that, Kotori handed her a
good quality blouse and a monotone skirt.
gAlright, Natsumi. Wear this, this time. I think this suits you better.h
gE-errrcccc..h
gCome on, hurry uph
---After 3 hours, Natsumi kept changing and changing her clothes.
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
121 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Speaking specifically, clothes werenft the only ones. Shoes, hats and several small
accessories like watches and spectacles (Of course, itfs just for show.) Incidentally,
she was made to take poses in the final stages. She felt like a dress up doll or maybe
an avatar from those online games. She had no idea what was going on anymore. By
the time everyone showed satisfaction at the clothes chosen, Natsumi has totally
tired out.
g-------Okay! There is no mistake now.h
gYesccccitfs wonderful.h
gUn Un, itfs good.h
gUmu! I think itfs good!h
Tohka made a pleasant smile and *un**un* nodded. Next off, she moved her sights
to Kotori.
gOkay then, itfs finally the last room.h
After Kotori said that, everyone twitched their eyebrows. Looking at that weird
manner, Natsumi let sweat flow down her cheeks unintentionally.
gWha-whatcccc.?h
When Natsumi made a worried face, the Yamai sisters were laughing happily.
gKuku, youfll know once you get there. Well, this wayh
gAffirmative. The last assassin is waiting for you thereh
gLa-lastccc!?h
Hearing those unrest words, she gulped down. Honestly, she did not really want to
go on ahead.
gCome on, letfs go.h
gAh, waitcccc.!h
But, she was pushed on the back by Miku semi-forced, and the next room opened.
The last room, or what itfs called, was a small space compared to any of the others
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
122 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
until now. There was a chair isolated in the middle of the room--------and beside it,
there was a girl facing her back towards them. She has not seen that back before. She
is probably the last assassin the Yamai sisters were referring about.
When Natsumi moistened her throat, the girl slowly turned around.
The hair enough to cover her back was being stopped with a four-leaf clover hair
accessory, and she was a tall girl with neutral facial features. But, for some reason,
she was somewhat in self-abandonment or desperate and she felt as if she was
forcing herself a lot. Looking carefully, there were tears oozing at the edge of her
eyes.
g----------Glad you came! This is the last room of the Natsumi transformation plan!h
gWha-what are you planning to doccc..h
When Natsumi asked, the girl muttered [ccccc..Eeei, it has already turned to
this] with a soft voice before raising the edge of her lips and immediately cross both
her hands in front her chest.
Looking carefully on the girls fingers, there were makeup products like lip gloss,
eye-liner, and concealers put in between.
gTha-thatfs-----------!h
gYes. I will transform you with my makeup.h
The girl *pii* pointed the lip gloss at Natsumi. Natsumi took a step back in reflex
from that intensity.
She then *Buun**Buun* swung her head.
gWha-what are you saying. There is no way I would change from thatccccc.h
gYou will!h
gDo-donft say something so random! Someone like meccc!h
gDo you really think that? That a person will not change with makeup?h
gI-isnft that obvious!h
When Natsumi said that, the girl put the makeup products interposed between her
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
123 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
fingers into the pouch attached to her waist. She then slowly carried her hand to her
neck.
gThatfs, even if Icccno-------g
The girl then vigorously pulled off the small bandage sticking on her throat.
gEven if Ifm a guy haah!?h
gHuhccc!?h
Natsumi twitched her shoulders at the sudden male voice suddenly echoing out from
the girlfs throat.
gEhccc? Whatfscccc..h
Natsumi was in bewilderment for a while but, she immediately noticed a certain fact.
Yes. Natsumi has heard that voice before.
gDo-donft tell mecccyou are Shidoucc..!h
gAah, thatfs right!h
The girl (?) nodded strongly.
When she looked carefully on the face, she found out Itsuka Shidoufs face could be
seen. The moment she recognized that, Natsumi raised her voice unintentionally.
gPer-pervertccc.!?h
gccccccc.h
gAh, he got hurt, he got hurt.h
gWell, we canft deny that though.h
Kotori and Mikufs voice could be heard behind. It seems they knew everything.
gAn-anyway!h
Collapsed on the ground, Shidou pulled himself together and looked back at
Natsumi again.
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
124 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gAlthough it was not planned, my makeup skills have reached to a level where it is
enough to mistake a guy with a girl! If it is me right now, I can make you have
confidence!h
gNo, well, itfs true your skills went up but, the person itself had the characteristics to
a certain extent.h
gYeah--. I seriously thought he was a girl the first time we met.h
Kotori and Miku once again started a conversation secretly. Shidou *kii* sharpened
his sights.
gOu-outsiders keep quiet! Anyway, itfs a challenge Natsumi! I will use all my soul,
body and skills! And [Transform] you!h
gccccccc..!h
Natsumi stiffened her face-------however, she gritted her teeth in oppose to that.
gcccc..okay. Letfs do this. But, donft forget. If I donft agree then, you lose the
match!h
gAah, I get it.------okayh
Shidou took a bow and urged Natsumi to the chair. He was like a servant waiting
upon his princess.
Natsumi obeyed him and sat on the chair. When she did that, she was able to see
Shidoufs face closer. While Shidoufs characteristics were left, it was finished up as a
lovely girl. She could only say it was magnificent.
---Maybe, me tooccc..
gccc..n-no, noccccch
*fuu* she swung her head as if to shake off the imagination floating across her
head.-------no matter how superior Shidoufs skills were, itfs going to be useless
anyway. If that is the case, then itfs better not to have any expectations from the start.
A half-hearted hope would only turn into deep despair.
When she thought that, Shidou shaped a smile with his mouth as if he guessed
Natsumifs thoughts.
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
125 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gItfs okay.h
gccccc..h
After Natsumifs cheeks turned red, she faced downwards.
gcccerrr, can I say something?h
gAah, what is it? Say it.h
gcccc.Itfs disgusting to hear a male voice coming out with that face.h
gccccch
In depression, Shidou stuck back the bandage he stripped off just now back onto his
throat.
gWe-well letfs begin! First off, basics of the basics, face cleansing. If we neglect this
then, itfll be bad when the makeup goes on!h
Shidoufs voice turned a little high pitched but he said that to regain his composure.
Natsumi followed Shidoufs instructions and washed her face carefully before,
putting a proper amount of lotion on her hands and smearing it everywhere on her
face.
g-----------Okay, Leave the rest to me.h
After saying that, Shidou quickly applied a make-up base on Natsumi face, and
started making a light foundation using a puff.
gIfll say this first, Natsumi.h
In the middle of working, Shidou talked to her.
gI am not remaking your face into someone else with makeup. I am just pushing
your back. I am just helping you to get out of your fanatical [I am useless] thoughtsh
gccccc..Fu-fuun, youfre only good at talking.h
Even though Natsumi said that unhappily, Shidou was only smiling silently.
He then applied blushes on her cheeks and eye makeup------he then smeared lip
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
126 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gloss on her lips for last.
g----------Okay, complete.h
After Shidou made a small sigh, he put all the cosmetics back into his pouch and
stood up on the spot.
gThi-this is complete? Itfs quite simple.h
gLike I said. There is no meaning if I kill off her original face. But-------this is
enough. Lookh
gWha-whatccc..h
When Natsumi turned around, Tohka and the girls were lined up there. And in the
middle, she saw some-kind of giant board covered with a cloth. She immediately
noticed. It was a giant dresser mirror. They were probably going to show her own
appearance using that.
---and at that moment, Natsumi noticed the expressions of the girl standing beside
the dresser mirror. Everyone was opening their eyes wide in surprise.
gWha-what, what is itcccch
After Natsumi said that in a shaken manner, Tohka made an exaggerated nod and
grabbed the edge of the cloth that was covering the dresser mirror.
gUmu! Just see!h
She then pulled it off in one swing. The big dresser mirror was exposed.
gEh-------g
She looked at the girl being shown on the mirror.
Natsumi lost her words in an instant.
Her hair which was bulging uncouthly was beautifully settled with the natural habits
remaining and was dazzling from the bathing light. As if she was mistaken with her
skin, her skin with bad complexion was glossy and was coupled together with cute
clothes; her appearance makes her think of a young woman prided with grace.
But more importantly, the reason why Natsumi felt shock was because of the face.
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
127 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
On the face with more exposure from the combed down forelocks, it was certainly
Natsumi. If she were to raise the difference then, it would be the faint orange-red
pigment visible on the cheeks, her eyes with the outline a little clearer, and the pale
sakura colored lips; she could only find small changes.
But, those single differences have turned the impression on her face lovely. In an
instant, she doubted that it was a screen projecting another image instead of a
mirror.
gThi-this isccc.meccc.?h
gAah, without a doubt, it is you Natsumi.h
In a manner of looking at something unbelievable, Natsumi kept touching her
cheeks while muttering dumbfounded, Shidou then placed his hand on her small
shoulder.
As if to continue from that, the girls lined up started to raise their voice all at once.
gUmu! Youfre pretty!h
gA-ra, isnft it good? How is it? Your impression.h
gOh my, oh mycccc.hey Natsumi-san. Would you come to my house to play
next time?h
In a certain extent, she felt that only one person was dazzling in her eyes compared
to the others but, Natsumi was standing rock still there dumbfounded and she was
not that attentive.
g------How is it? Natsumi. Whatfs the result of the match?h
After saying that, Shidou looked at Natsumifs eyes from the mirror.
gccc.!h
Natsumi gasped unintentionally. Just now for an instant, Natsumi thought of the girl
in the mirror------
---thought she was cute.
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
128 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gAhccc.ahcccc.h
Natsumifs eyes spun round and round, and her legs trembled.
She should be happy. She should be in joy. She never would have thought that her
appearance which she has hated a lot would change this much. But within that short
time, such an unexpected event happened and she was unable to process the situation
in her mind.
---What? What just happened? Who is this? M-me? Rather, what is with these
people? Why would they do so much for me? Even though I did those bad things.
Arenft they having problems with their head? Match?
What match? I will lose if I was cute, that kind of lose. Then itfs a big defeat.
Because, itfs a little cute. Eh, but, this, ehccccc.?
gO-oi, Natsumicccc.?h
gU-a-a-aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhh--------!!h
She does not understand anything anymore. After Natsumi scratched off her head,
she raised a loud shout and started running towards the original room.
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
129 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
130 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 3
In the end after that, Natsumi slipped on the [Salon Do Miku] floor and fell down
showily, she then hit her head on the wall and lost consciousness. She probably was
really surprised. The hair that was arranged got messy and the stitches on the clothes
came apart.
Natsumi who was unconscious was made to change into a hospital gown now, and
she was sleeping in the quarantine space again. Maybe she was seeing a bad dream
because, she would squirm around on the bed sometimes and *un**un* groan
painfully.
gFumuccccch
Outside the room while looking at the monitor, Kotori was placing her hand on her
chin. Looking at that suffering expression, Shidou scratched his cheeks.
gMaybe we forced her too much as expected. I didnft think she would hate it that
muchccccch
gcccc..no, it seems that isnft the case.h
gEh?h
When Shidou tilted his head, Reine who was sitting beside Kotori, showed the
screen near her hands. There were several numbers displayed including Natsumifs
face.
gccccc..Mental state, mood, affection levelccc..all of it has left the worst
situation. Of course, itfs not in the level where sealing is possibleh
gI-is that so?h
gcccc.aah. She, by all means does not hate her transformation. Well, it seems
her discomposure and bewilderment was bigh
gAh--ccccc..h
Hearing Reinefs words, Shidou [I see] nodded. Itfs true that he felt that Natsumifs
panic was not normal.
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
131 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gcc.most likely, she is not used to being praised in her untransformed state. The
thought of her not being bothered by others unless she transforms is the reason for
calling herself useless. Deep inside her heart, despite wanting [Herself] to be
accepted, she does not have the confidence for that.h
Reine continued on while making one finger stand.
gccc.from the interview and analysis, it seems compared to the other spirits, we
found out that the number of Natsumifs silent coming to this world is extremely
high. She must be a spirit with a high curiosity. She is also acquainted with this
worldfs knowledge too. It's not an admirable method but, since she was able to forge
money using <Haniel>, it seems shopping wasnft a problem to her.h
gI seeccccbut, if that was the case then, why doesnft she have confidence in
herself like that?h
gccccno, isnft that the reason why?h
Reine groaned difficultly. After listening to that, Shidou recalled back Natsumifs
words.
gNow that I think back, she said no one would bother about her if [Natsumi] remains
as [Natsumi] in this worldh
gccc..Mostly likely, those accumulated experience has probably distorted
Natsumifs value view. Since she changed the appearance thoughtlessly at her will, it
seems it has gradually started to make her deny her normal selfccccccthe
important factor is not about personal appearance but rather, it is whether we can
make her think that someone would accept her.h
gThatfs suffering.h
Kotori sighed while shrugging her shoulders.
gBut well, since there is an acknowledged desire then, there is a chance for the
capture. We just have to make her have confidence in herself right? If we do that
then, she would probably take in words honestly. It would probably soften her
attitude too.h
gItfll be nice if it would go that wellcccch
gNothing will start if we become pessimistic. Anyway, letfs try this. We will
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
132 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
immediately begin Natsumifs rehabilitation tomorrow.h
gRehabilitationcccchuh. What are we going to do specifically?h
When Shidou asked, Kotori *fuumu* groaned as if she was immersing in thoughts.
gWell letfs seecccccanyway, we just have to make her believe that [She herself
is cute] so, a direct evaluation to her from a 3rd person might be good.h
gNo, but no matter how many times we called her cutecccc.h
gLike I said, a third person. Shidou and the spirits were related to Natsumifs
[Transform] so itfs going to be hard. Even though we planned to give her a
legitimate evaluation, it will be meaningless if we make her think that we were
looking at her through a tinted glass. --------I could prepare people from
<Ratatoskr> but, I would hope for someone that has no relations with our motives if
possible. Shidou, do you have anyone you can think of?h
gEh? Letfs seecccch
After Shidou scratched his cheeks, a face of one friend popped up, and [ah] he let
out his voice.
gNo--, you said you will introduce me a girl? As expected a friend is something we
should have!h
Next day. In a manner of totally forgetting the turmoil that happened few days ago,
he was hitting Shidoufs back in a good mood.
Yes. Shidoufs classmate Tonomachi Hiroto was the person he called over to work as
Natsumifs rehabilitation. Within Shidoufs friends, he is the best in going with the
flow, and good with his words. Since he was a victim in the previous incident, he
should be someone Natsumi was familiar with. Shidou thought this would soften the
nervousness of meeting someone the first time even if it is a little.
gItfs not like I am introducing her to you butcccc.well, how should I put it, she
is a little shy so. Will you be a talking partner with her?h
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
133 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gOkay okay. Leave it to me, my best friend. I will definitely call you to the
ceremony.h
gccc..hahah
Tonomachi *don* hit his chest while nodding. Shidou felt that his idea about her has
leaped too far before even meeting her yetccccccDid I pick the wrong
person?
gBy the way Itsuka, where is this place? You went through the trouble of blind
folding me and riding a taxi. Honestly speaking, my heart was pumping hard
thinking about where I was being takenccccc.h
Shidou and Tonomachi were currently in a space that looks like a small stylish hotel
lounge. Naturally, since they canft let Natsumi to the ground, it was a corner of the
underground facility that was remodeled. Customers and staffs could be seen but, all
of them were <Ratatoskr>fs members.
gW-well, donft worry much about it. Ifll send you back too.h
When Shidou said that while having sweat streaming down his cheeks, Tonomachi
sharpen his eyes.
gI think this is impossible but, Itsukacccccis that girl..h
gEhh?h
Looking at that Tonomachifs gaze who looks like he saw through everything,
Shidou twitched his shoulders.
Tonomachi has no idea about Spirits but, he had probably gotten suspicious as
expected. Itfs bad if he has a preconception of Natsumi before even meeting her.
Shidou search through his thoughts to trick him. But,
gDonft tell me, she is an Ojou-sama from a very rich family!?h
gHehccccc?h
Hearing Tonomachi saying that in an excited manner, Shidou replied back with a
hysteric voice.
gA sick young woman that is not often outdoorsccccc..she got really excited
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
134 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
from the school picture my friend (Itsuka) showed her andccccc.one day, she
saw one boy inside the pictureccccaah, she wants to meet this
gentlemancccc! The girl then mustered her courage and requested the friend to
call that particular boyccc..! Itfs about that right!?h
gO-ou, wellccccright about there I guess.h
When I matched up the conversation with something random, Tonomachi
[Kuuuuuuu] twisted his body as if he was overcome with emotions.
gThe youth of my world is here! Thank you Itsuka! Ifll still be your friend even
though I become a gold-diggerccc!h
gA-aahcccc..h
Tonomachi shook his hands. It was somehow conscious but, it hurts.
But, Tonomachi did not notice Shidoufs manner and looked around.
gSo? Where is my sweet heart?h
gAahcccc.over thereh
After saying that, he pointed to a seat. Over there, wearing cute clothes and with
beautiful make up-------a very unhappy Natsumi was sitting there.
gccccc..h
Natsumi was sitting down on the chair while making a disappointed face.
When she woke up in the morning, Kotori suddenly came over and without any
explanation, brought her to a place like this.
Where on earth is this? Since she was not used to appearing in front of people in her
un-transformed state from <Haniel>, it just felt uncomfortable. Each time the
surrounding customers had a friendly chat, she felt uneasy that they might be
laughing at her.
And, at that moment.
gHello, nice to meet you!h
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
135 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
An unusually happy voice echoed from the front and Natsumi twitched her body.
When she looked over, she found out there is one young man there. She has seen
that face somewhere before.------yes, it was Shidoufs classmate. His name should
be------
gcccc..To-Tonomachi Hirotocccc.why are you here?h
Without looking at him, when Natsumi said that suspiciously, Tonomachi opened his
eyes wide in surprise.
gYo-you know my name!? Tohka-chan and Kaguya-chan wonft remember it no
matter how long passes!h
After saying that, he choked in tears of gratitude. It somehow felt disgusting, so
Natsumi pulled the chair a little.
But, Tonomachi did not notice Natsumifs actions and sat on the opposite seat with
that high tension still present.
gHow do you do! What is your name called!?h
gcccccI-itscc.Natsumih
gNatsumi-chan! That is a wonderful name!h
gccccc.h
Natsumi looked at him suspiciously at Tonomachifs over-familiar words.
This man, just when she thought he appeared suddenly, just what is he saying?
Maybe he was told to praise Natsumi in a request from Shidou or Kotoricccc..?
Yes. There is no mistake in that. If it is not that then, there is no way he would know
Natsumi at the beginning of his speech.
gNo---, I didnft think you would be this cute. I seriously have to thank Itsuka.h
During the time Natsumi was thinking about that, Tonomachi continued bouncing
his words in fun. Natsumi snorted.
gccchow much?h
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
136 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gEh?h
gHow much were you bribed for this request? It must be a good sum of money.h
gcccccc..? What are you saying?h
Tonomachi wrung his neck. He looked as if he was not hit with a bulls-eye.
gcccccc.h
Natsumi raised her eyebrowsccccc.what is going on? Normally, when a
person got a bulls-eye, a response would appear from the body at the very least.
And, there is no way Natsumi whofs strong point is observation would not notice
that.
Which meanscccccc..donft tell me this man called Natsumi cute seriously.
gccccccccuh.h
When she got conscious about that, Natsumi felt her heartbeat going up. No,
impossible. It has to be an act. But, the current Natsumi was different from the
Natsumi from yesterday. It was the Natsumi who has transformed thanks to Shidou
and the girls. Just maybe---------
And, after Natsumifs eyes started to swim around, Tonomachi hit his forehead with
his head while continuing his words.
gNo, I am seriously surprised. You really are cute. I got dizzy unintentionally
seriously!h
gccccccc.!!h
Natsumi suddenly stiffened her face, at Tonomachifs words.
I got dizzy.
«
To get dizzycccc.Meaning: Close to collapsing from dizziness.
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
137 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
«
I am about to collapse from dizziness by looking at you.
«
I feel sick just by looking at you, ugly.
gI knewwwwwwwww ittttttt!!h
Natsumi raised a loud shout before flipping the table.
gU-uwah!? Wha-whats wrong Natsumi-chan?!h
gDonft [whatfs wrong?] me! Screwing with me, screwing with me! Even I donft like
to become this!h
When she started rampaging while shouting, the staffs in the surroundings jumped
in and restrained Natsumi.
gCal-calm down, misscccc!h
gAn-anyway, time to withdraw! We will take her like this!h
gU-understoodcccc.!h
gWhat are you doing bastard! Let gooooooo!h
Natsumi was then pulled deep into the lounge just like that.
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
138 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
139 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 4
gccccno good.h
gcccc.That was no good.h
Around the time when Natsumi managed to calm down, Shidou and Kotori sighed at
the same time.
Incidentally, Tonomachi has been sent to the upper ground already. After Natsumifs
sudden rampage, he was feeling shaken the whole time but, [Like I thought, that is a
serious sicknesscccc.but, I will support Natsumi-chanccc.!] he said those
strange words but, it was unknown whether he was being rude or manly.
gWell, what are we going to do?h
gI thought of the next way just in case.----Kannazuki.h
gHah!h
Kotori clicked her fingers and a tall man who was standing-by from who knows
where, *Shuta*! Appeared over there. He was Kotorifs assistant and also <Fraxinus>
vice commander, Kannazuki Kyouhei.
Looking at Kannazuki who he has seen many times already, Shidou unintentionally
raised his eyebrows. However, that was only normal. Right now, he was wearing
light brown sunglass while sporting a cardigan on his shoulders without putting his
arms through the sleeves and instead had it tied in front of his chest; it was a fishy
stereotypical producer style.
gKannazuki-sancccc? Why do you look like that?h
gFufu----------this is my secret plan. Letfs teach that negative kitten her own charm.h
When Shidou said that, Kannazuki gave a thumb up in confidence.
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
140 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gccccWhat is it this time?h
It has been 3 hours since the event with Tonomachi. Having regained her
composure, Natsumi was now left alone in a place that looks like a cafe.
It seems there is a place she was going to be dragged to later so, they want her to
wait here for a while butcccccc..where on earth was she going to be brought
to? While looking downwards a little to avoid the sights from the surrounding,
Natsumi thought that.
And-----at that moment.
gOooo? OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOo?h
When she thought she heard such a voice, a man with a suspicious appearance like
wearing sunglasses and a cardigan on his shoulders approached Natsumi as if he
was peeking at her face.
gcc..uh, wha-what is itccc?h
When Natsumifs face was oozing out wariness, the man *pechin* hit his forehead in
an overreaction manner.
gOoootoo, I beg my pardon! I am always like this.h
After saying that, the man took out a business card from his pocket and handed it to
Natsumi.
gccccc.Ratatoskr production, team manager, Kannazuki Kyouhei.h
gYes! Itfs a company that produces movies and television shows, or even modeling
and talent managements.h
The person called Kannazuki took an exaggerated bow and continued on in an
excited manner.
gThis may be sudden but, miss! Do you have any interest in becoming a model!?h
gEhccccccc..?h
Natsumi opened her eyes wide at the words that were suddenly let out.
gMo-modelccc..wait, the ones that are on magazinescccc?h
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
141 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gYes! That model!h
Kannazuki energetically nodded. But, Natsumi sighed coldly as response.
Thatfs because itfs modeling. Natsumi recalled the magazines and television shows
she saw in this world. If Natsumifs memories are correct, being a model means
being a girl with good style and slender tall body.
If it was Natsumi in her <Haniel> transformed state then it would be acceptable but,
it was clear that it wouldn't be fit for Natsumifs current condition. This guy must be
[that]. There was no mistake he was a corrupted contractor that would trick girls
with sweet talking and obtain big sums of money by using the pretext of being a
lesson specialist.
gcccIfm sorry but, I hate jokes. Modeling is something that belongs to people
with good style and the right height. Someone like me would not---------h In a
manner of self-mockery, when Natsumi said that, Kannazuki *buun**buun* swung
his head.
gIt is not a joke! Good style? Hah, what meaning is there with boobs only being big!
No none at all! Rhetorically! A real beauty means an immature body like a bud in
preparations of blooming under the presence of spring! Wonderful! The current
you is really wonderful! You are the one with the nice body! Stay that way forever!h
gccccccc..uh.h
Towards Kannazuki who was approaching closer to her with his breathing getting
wilder, Natsumi backed off in reflex. Just like Tonomachi from just now, he does
not look like he was lying.
It was a little disgusting but, he might really think of her like that. Do humans that
love people like Natsumi exist in this worldccccc? No, but calling the current
Natsumi having a nice body is justcc..
gHahcccch
Natsumi opened her eyes wide.
Natsumi has a nice body
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
142 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
«
Natsumifs body is good
«
Your looks are regretful but, there are no problems with the functions.
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
143 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
144 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
«
Seems like your organs would sell pretty well.
gMur-murderercccc.!?h
After Natsumi raised a screaming-like voice, she stood up from the chair.
gOya, what is wrong?h
gDo-donft come closer! I will not be fooled! I will not be fooled!h
gI am not fooling you! Alright, since we are at a place like this, if you like could
you come to the office---g
After saying that, Kannazuki grabbed Natsumifs arm.
gKyaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!h
After Natsumi raised a high-pitched shout, she gave Kannazuki a slap on his cheeks
and ran deeper into the shop.
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
145 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
146 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 5
gccccstill no good.h
gccccthat was still no good.h
After looking at the circumstances, Shidou and Kotori sighed once again.
gNo haha, Ifm sorry.h
Not looking any sorry, Kannazuki laughed. He had a distinctive autumn colored
mark on his cheeks, and one of the sunglasses lens was broken.
gWell, there is Kannazuki being too disgusting, but it seems Natsumifs negative
thoughts are over our imagination. It might be better if we lower the level here.h
gAre you sayingccc..drop the level?h
gLetfs seecccc.first off, rather than praising her, letfs start by making her
understand that people wonft laugh if she has a normal conversation with someone.h
gFumuccccspecifically?h
gSomething like making her place an order in a fast food shop.h
gccccThe level sure dropped a lot.h
Shidou made a wet smile while scratching his cheeks. Looking at the responses until
now, itfs true that that might be better for Natsumi. Getting her to gradually get used
from there is probably more reliable.
gOkay, letfs move to the next set. We are going to bring Natsumi out from the room
so, please prepare for that.h
When Kotori said that, she made the rod of the chupa chups she was eating stand up.
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
147 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gcccc..so, what is it this time?h
Natsumi made a stern expression while glaring at Shidou and Kotori who were
sitting opposite her.
Natsumi was brought to a place that is thought to be a hamburger shop. In the
surroundings, there were students heading back home from school and parents
bringing their children along; the place was lively.
gNothing, just a little hungry thatfs all.h
gAah, yeah yeah. Just hungry.h
Kotori said that nonchalantly while Shidou said it unnaturally. Natsumi looked at
them in doubt.
gSo, Ifm sorry but, I will hand you the money so please go make the orders. Ifll
leave the menu to you.h
gHaccc..hah!? why should Iccc..h
gItfs alright. Here take this. Donft drop it okay?h
gHe-hey waitccc.!h
After Natsumi was forced to hold the paper money, she headed to the order counter.
gcccccc.guh.h
There were a lot of things bothering her, but she had no choice. Natsumi headed
there and stood in front of the register while looking downwards. gWelcome! Have
you decided what to order?h
The girl with hair bangs standing at the register talked to her with a smile. Natsumi
calmed her ringing heartbeat while talking with a shaky voice.
gccccc3ccHa-hamburgercc..h
gOkay! 3 hamburgers!h
gcccc.Ye-yes correct.h
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
148 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gWould you like potatoes with that?h
gcccccccc.!h
Even though the staff asked with a smile, Natsumi opened her eyes wide.
Would you like potatoes with that?
«
Potato in this case = Fried potatoes.
«
Getting fat is very easy with the combination of carbohydrates and oil.
«
That seedy-looking body might become a tad better if you add more flab wonft it?
gGod. Damn. Ittttttttttt!h
gEeh!?h
When Natsumi gave a cork screw punch at the register, the staff member twitched
her body.
gI know that without you telling meeeeeee! Itfs not like I love having this kind of
bodyyyyy!h
gA waitccc.mi-miss!?h
gNa-Natsumi!h
gShidou! Restrain her!h
Shidoufs and Kotorifs voice could be heard behind. After Natsumi was immediately
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
149 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
caught, she was brought back to the original room.
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
150 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
151 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Chapter 9: I'd Like To BelieveIt's
Definitely A Lie
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
152 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
153 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 1
g------<Humpty dumpty> docking successh
gSystem all green. There is no problem with the orbit calibrationh
gIt will reach the target altitude point 5 hours from nowh
gDSS-009 airship <Heptameron> has reached its prescribed pointh
Coming from the speaker installed in the council room in the DEM industry Britain
HQ, reports could be heard coming one after another. Murdoch looked at the
several data displayed on the crystal screen in front of him while, making an
exaggerated nod.
g------Where is Westcott MD now?h
gHe has not moved from his lodging place. It is predicted that If a spacequake
alarm is issued then, he would probably evacuate to the shelter in the hotel or
maybe, to the nearest facility which has connections with DEMh
gWhatfs the endurance?h
gThere is no problem, even if it is within the 10 kilometers error from the
<Humpty Dumpty> impact point thenh
gHow is the condition of the [Second Egg]?h
gPreparations done. It can go any time if there is an orderh
gEnoughh
gcccccc[Second Egg]?h
Hearing Murdoch words, Simpson looked at him suspiciously. Murdoch raised the
side of his lips while sending his sights back.
gWell, itfs just a back-up plan. It is not something to be worried abouth
gccccc..h
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
154 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Simpson looked at Murdoch silently for a while but not long later, he looked back at
the crystal screen near his hands.
He looked unsatisfied and--------looked as if he got the creeps from Murdoch.
---This is a good omen. After Murdoch distorted his lips in satisfaction, he then
crawled his sights at the board directors lined up in the council room.
gThe plan is going very smoothly. Westcott MDfs death report would probably
reach us by tonight. It seems the company funeral is going to be a grand one. I
recommend you all to think of your condolences while you have time nowh
After hearing those words, the board directors looked at each other in an instant
before, making awkward smiles.
Even though it was operation day, they were still scared of opposing Westcott MD.
Most likely, by any chance this plan ends with a failure then, there would probably
be people working to push all the responsibility onto Murdoch.
Murdoch made a snort big enough to let the others hear him. He didnft really mind
that. If he is able to get these cowards to show approval to this plan with, just with
that one back-up then it is a profit. If Murdoch were to fail this plan anyway, then he
as the mastermind would lose his life. Itfs the same no matter which he picks.
Originally, he didnft have to make the board directors to join in the anti-Westcott
faction until he had to risk information leakage. But, when he thought about the
concealment of all the information of the plan, the workforce needed to execute the
plan and securing the airship then in reality; Murdochfs authorities can practically
do nothing. No--------more specifically, the only person in the DEM Company that
could execute plans of this scale alone, would probably be Westcott.
Even if this has no benefits to this large thick-headed group.
The reason was simple.------Everyone here, knows of the reason and cause of
Westcottfs disappearance.
If the news of Westcott reached us then, a special board meeting will be commenced
and it would be about deciding a new person with the strongest influence and power.
Once that is established--------who on earth would everyone here right now be
conscious about first.
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
155 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
It would obviously be the worst scandal which caused the assassination of the
previous MD. If that person holds information one-sidedly then, the next person that
would disappear would be him. But, all of the board directors lined up here are
accomplices. On top of that, they are all cowards. Nobody would complain even if
Murdoch is named up as the next MD.
gccccccno, it is a little differenth
Murdoch opened and closed his right hand which has its bandages off while
muttering that softly.
He has planned to act as the criminal. In a way, this is one of the methods to grab the
hearts of people.
But---------after the moment his arm was cut off by Ellen Mathers, slowly but
gradually.
He has really felt himself turning crazy.
After Murdoch *nii* smiled, he looked at <Humpty Dumpty> being shown out on
the crystal screen while humming a inside his mouth.
gccc..Humpty Dumpty sat on the wall. Humpty Dumpty had a great fallccc..ôh
nursery rhyme
Mother goose
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
156 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
157 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 2
In addition to having the bed cover covering over her head, and squatting down by
sitting on the bed grasping her knees, Natsumi was mumbling something in a soft
voice.
gcccccWhat was thatccc..what was thatccccwhat was thatccc..!h
Incomprehensible torrents of emotions filled her head, and the feelings made her
leak those emotions as words from her mouth. Like spinning thoughts. In that chaos,
Natsumi made a low groan while making the same posture from just now.
gJust what is wrongcccwith those peoplecccc..h
Why are those people caring for Natsumi this much. Why are they this kind to
Natsumi.
She could understand if it was the transformed beautiful onee-san Natsumi when she
used <Haniel>fs power. The transformed Natsumi was a beauty that could stop
anyone on their tracks. Males would harbor love and lust, while females would hide
envy and jealousy in the other side of their stomachs, while lining up various
flattery words to Natsumi.
But------they are different.
To Natsumi. They told her that her original form without transforming with
<Haniel>fs power is cute.
Those words were supposed to be something Natsumi wishes the most.
Howevercccccsince it was the first time she was told that, she just could not
accept it honestly.
gThatc.is obviously a lie. Ha-hacccc..Ye-yes. Those people are deceiving me.
Thatfs because I-------g
Natsumi muttered that while lifting up the bed cover she has put on. When she did
that, she saw her own appearance being reflected back in the mirror installed on the
wall.
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
158 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
---At the cute appearance produced by them.
gccccc..!h
She gasped and put the bed cover back on. Her thoughts got more chaotic.
---Thatfs because, Natsumi was supposed to be ugly. She was suppose to be
hopelessly ugly, unattractive and not cute. It has to be like that. It has been
determined that way.
gcccccAh-recccch
At that moment, a question floated in Natsumifs mind.
---It has been determined that waycccc..?
Why---------was it determined that way.
gcccc..A-anywayccc..it is impossible to think they would do that to the
enemy without any reason. There is definitelycccc.some kind of goalccch
After Natsumi said that, she raised her hands to her chest and muttered softly.
gccccc<Haniel>cccc..!h
When she did that, her hands glowed and a mirror manifested on top of the palm of
her hand.
gGuhccccc..h
Her injuries hurts butcccccc.it was at a manageable level. Natsumi pointed
the mirror downwards------at the beds direction and transform it to a [Bed with a
hole which can hide one person].
Next off, she dragged a doll into the bed sheet and transformed it to a shape
identical to a Natsumi sleeping.
Natsumi squirmed around in the bed cover and left the dummy Natsumi on the bed
before, putting herself into the hole in the bed. And for the third time, she made
<Haniel> glow, and closed the surface of the bed before, in a digging down fashion;
used <Haniel> to transform the bed, floor, and the inside of the wall to pass through
them.
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
159 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gcccc..okayh
And after a few minutes. When she reached a corridor with no one in it, Natsumi
reconstructed the wall and looked around.
There were several observer cameras in the room Natsumi was quarantined at but,
she should be able to trick them for a while. For example, there is a fear they might
enter to check up on her if she did not touch the food even though it was given to
her. There was no time for leisure.
In order for Natsumi to finish her goal quickly, she recalled back the faces of the
people she met here in her head. Most likely, the most favorable would-----
gcccc.It should be herh
After Natsumi made a small nod, she held <Haniel>fs mirror over her head.
At the same time with the mirror glowing, Natsumifs body released a pale light. Her
body then gradually distorts and-------after a few seconds, Natsumi turned into
someone else.
It was a girl with a petite body wearing a red military uniform. She had her hair tied
into two with black ribbons and her proud expression was impressive.
Yes-----It was Itsuka Shidoufs sister, Itsuka Kotori.
She picked her because she was the most appropriate, since she would walk around
this facility while observing everyonefs condition.
However about that. This girl comes with twin-tails hairstyle. The ace of cute
hairstyles, the twin-tails. It is a hairstyle that is only used if the person has quite a
confidence in herself. Natsumi hates this hairstyle very much. She hated it so much
that she thought of transforming into the country's influential person and
establishing a ban of twin-tails as a lawcccccbut she has no choice now. She
was really reluctant to disguise as a pushy twin-tail girl but, efficiency is her
priority now.
gOopps, almost forgoth
After Natsumi muttered that, she tore off a button from a conspicuous spot, and hold
<Haniel> over there.
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
160 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
When she did that, the edge of the cloth made a pale glow and it transformed into a
small candy with a rod attached. It should be one that Kotori usually licks.
gWell, it should be like thish
Natsumi then said that in a voice completely changed from a few seconds ago and
clicked her fingers. In an instant, <Haniel> which was floating on the palm of her
hands, turned into light particles and disappeared into the air.
gAlright thencccc..h
<Haniel> disappeared, and Natsumi who has completely turned into Itsuka Kotori,
took a deep breath before starting to walk along the path slowly.
In order to not make anyone she might pass by feel suspicious half-way through,
she moved her eyes around to check the surroundings. In the wide and long
corridor, she found a door with an electronic lock installed in it. She still does not
know the whole layout of this building but, it easy to figure out that this facility was
quite big.
gcccccc..Seriously, what is this placeh
Natsumi muttered that in a voice soft enough that no one could hear. It is true that
this facility is somewhat connected to Shidou, Kotori, Tohka and the girls but, she
knows nothing else other than that. There is no way they would allow those young
girls and boy use this building freely in the first place anyway. They must be
affiliated with some kind of organization-------or maybe they have a big supporter
behind them. When she thought about that, Natsumi naturally felt a chill running
down her back.
By any means, were they planning to use the captured Spirit who is Natsumi as an
experimental animal. While looking at the scenery of the corridor which makes her
think of a research institute or hospital, Natsumi thought of that.
Natsumi then walked while thinking of that before, a voice called out to her from
behind.
gAh-re, Commander?h
gccccc!h
After making a slight twitch with her shoulders and turning around, she found a girl
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
161 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
with long hair bangs wearing the a different color military uniform just like
Kotorifs standing over there. It was the hamburger shopfs staff that Shidou and the
group brought her to yesterday.
gWhat happened for you to be here? Didnft you just say that you are going back to
the <Fraxinus>?h
gccccc, Aah, I thought of checking out Natsumifs conditionh
She let out her voice, to avoid squeezing out any discomposure. The girl then
nodded without holding any suspicion.
gAh, is that socccccc.well, she is a difficult one after all. If this keeps up, it
might be difficult to seal herccc..h
gSeal? What are you talking abouth
When Natsumi tilted her head, the girl opened her eyes wide in wonder.
gWell, itfs about the reiryoku sealing. We make her kiss Shidou-kun and it would
seal her spirit powers. Arenft we an organization for thath
gcccc.!h
Natsumi twitched her eyebrows but, she pretended to be calm in order to avoid her
discomposure to be picked up.
gAahccccc..Thatfs right. Sorry, I am a little tired soh
gAhahacccc.Itfs only normal. Okay, I will head back once I finish my work so,
laterh
After saying that, she took a light bow. Natsumi felt relieved in her heart while
replying back to her.
gErrr.----------oh yeah, can I ask something?h
gYes? What is it?h
Natsumi asked the girl and naturally let out her voice.
gDid you see whereccccTohka and the rest are? I have something to do with
themh
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
162 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gTohka-chancccchuh. Errrr, if I am correct, I think she is at the resting area at
the other sideh
gI see, thank you. See you laterh
gAh----------Yes. See you later.
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
163 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
164 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Natsumi saw her off and tip-toed to the direction the girl pointed to, before walking
again. -----she walked in a fast pace in a manner that does not look unnatural.
She has losses and gains from the girl at the same time. The gains------was the
information, about where Tohka and the rest were at and Kotori not being in the
facility now. With this, no matter how long Natsumi walks around, there is a
guarantee she wonft bump into the real person. And more importantly, the fact she
found out Shidou and the girls goals was very big. I see, just when she thought what
kind of goals they had, to think they would try to seal Natsumifs powers.
gI thought it was strange. Those damn hypocritesccc..!h
And at the same time, someone has found out that a person with Kotorifs appearance
was in this facility. Once she finishes her work and heads back to that so-called
<Fraxinus>, there is a possibility the real Kotori would question that. Natsumi
doesn't have time to play around.
And, after walking for a while, she saw a space which was a little opened up ahead.
There were several long chairs and vending machines lined up there-------she then
found out Tohka and Yoshino were sitting over there.
Natsumi narrowed her eyes before walking over there.
g-----Hi, Tohka, Yoshinoh
gMu?h
gAhcccHelloh
gOooh? Well if it isnft Kotori-chanh
Tohka, Yoshino and Yoshinofs left hand [Yoshinon] looked over to her in sequence
and called out to her. Natsumi swung her hand with a smile before walking over to
the bench both of them were sitting at and standing in front of them.
gOoo, Kotori! This place is amazing! You can drink for free!h
gKotori-san wantscccto get a drink too?h
gWhat do you want? Yoshinon will push it with my phantom left okay?h
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
165 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
After saying that, [Yoshinon] *sha*! *sha*! Started shadow boxing.
Natsumi made a wry smile while swinging her head before, folding her arm while
opening her mouth.
She then-----asked. The thing Natsumi wants to know the most right now.
gIfm okay now. More importantly, what do you all think-----about that Natsumih
Yes. There is no mistake that they were making fun of Natsumi deep in their heart.
They might have to get in a good mood with Natsumi to seal her powers but, if it is
a place where Natsumi is not at right now, they will definitely spill out their wicked
true thoughts.
gBy whatccyou mean?h
Tohka tilted her head.------what a vexing girl. Or maybe, she does not want to be the
first one to insult. If that is the case then------
Natsumi snorted before casting her eyes downwards and continued her words as if
she was spitting out.
gThat Natsumi is disgusting right? She got full of herself when we flattered her. In
spite of being ugly, she sure is shameful righth
She shrugs her shoulders while saying that.
---The origin is set. Okay, spit out your true feelings. Natsumi opened her eyes as if
to urge Tohka and Yoshino. Now that these girls gained a justification of [Not being
the one who started the ill talking], there is no mistake they are making filthy
expressions.
But------
gNu?h
gEhcccc.?h
gHnnn------?h
Over there were 2 people and 1 object looking at each other.
gEhcccc.?h
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
166 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Natsumi opened her eyes wide at the unexpected reactions. When she did that, Tohka
brought her eyebrows closer while talking.
gKotoriccccc..what happened? Itfs not like you to say thath
gA-ahhnocc.Natsumi-san is not disgustingcccc.is what I thinkh
gThatfs right. What happened Kotori-chan. Are you in tired mode from
commanding affairs?h
gWhacccc..h
Natsumi took a step back in reflex.
gWha-what is wrong with you all. Its okay, you all donft have to act all goodygoody.
Everyone thought of this before in the end right? That it is annoying to be in
a good mood with that shabby girlh
gWhat are you saying? That is not true you know? It was very fun choosing
clothes!h
When Tohka said it with a bright face, Yoshino and [Yoshinon] tilted their head
forwards in agreement to that.
gYescccc.Natsumi-san was prettycccch
gIyaaah, Shidou-kunfs make up was amazing. Yoshinon should ask him to do it
for me next timeh
With that said, [Yoshinon]*ufuun* bend itfs hips. Tohka and Yoshino laughed
happily at that funny appearance.
gBe-becausecccctherecc..is no wayccc.h
After Natsumi made her eyes swim around in discomposure, she shook her petite
body.
---These girls are really saying from their true feelings.
This fact caused an impact strong enough to make a crack in Natsumifs identity.
Many possibilities were presented in Natsumifs mind in an instant. Maybe they saw
through the fact that Natsumi was disguising as Kotori, and was telling the same
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
167 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
story which was set beforehand. Or, they might be enforced to praise Natsumi
because someone precious to them were taken hostage. No no or maybe--------
Preposterous thoughts appeared and disappeared. But none of it holds any
persuasiveness in front of Tohka and Yoshinofs smiles.
gI-itfs a lie. Why wouldcccc..h
Natsumi has forgotten about acting like Kotori and her fingers were trembling
before, she saw 3 girls walking from the front. It was the Yamai sisters and Miku.
gKuku, why are you all gathered?h
gPetition. Let us join in tooh
gFufu, everyone is having a tea partyh
gKa-Kaguya, Yuzuru, Mikucccc.!h
Natsumi shook her throat at the new visitors as if she was depending on them. 3 of
them opened their eyes wide and stopped because they were shocked of Natsumifs
sudden shout.
gFuun, whatfs wrong Kotori. You look strange. Did you open the door to hell sealed
in the darkness?h
Kaguya took a cool pose while saying something strange. Natsumi ignored that for
now and continued talking while mending back her composure.
gLis-listen to this everyone. Tohka and Yoshino are acting weirdh
gQuestion. By weird you mean?h
Yuzuru asked in wonder. Natsumi made a dry smile while continuing.
gI am talking about, isnft it annoying to care for her or that Natsumi is beautiful you
know? Ahaha, itfs funny right. The tension would drop just by looking at that uglyh
When Natsumi shrug her shoulders while saying that, the 3 of them brought their
eyebrows together in suspicion.
gFuun, Kotori you sure say some weird words, itfs not like you. What on earth
happened. Itfs a little bit too early to get crazy from the moonfs poisonh
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
168 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gSuspicion. Those are words that seem impossible from Kotorih
gDonft talk of Natsumi-chan that way. If you go too far, even I would get angry!h
Miku put her hands on her hips and *punsuka*! Puffed up her cheeks.
Natsumi felt her heart beating faster at the girlfs reactions.
gWai-wait a secondccccshe is a bad spirit that tried to trap us inside that mirror,
and replace us! Think normally! Why would you side with such a person! Arenft
you all crazy or something!?h
She has completely forgotten she was transformed as Kotori already, and raised a
shout following emotions.
Even though everyone was bewildered at Natsumifs state but, they looked at each
other and [uu-nncc.] groaned.
gWellcccccItfs true that Natsumi made us go through some scary things
butcccc.h
gRight!? Then------g
As if to agree with Miku who said that while placing her fingers on her chin, she
raised her voice. However------
gButcccif I say that then, I did cause quite a ruckus before socc..i have no
intentions like saying something like let it wash away but, at the very least I am
thinking of getting closer with Natsumi-chan you know?h
When Miku said that, the other girls started to nod too.
gOoo! Me too!h
gM-me toocccc.desu. I thinkcc.we could become friendlierh
gJudging from the conversation, she chose Yoshinon before transforming
right? Iyaaa, she is one girl that knows how to differentiateh
gFuun, well, she is a brave warrior that is able to corner me like that. Looks like
there is a worth placing in a camp gateh
gConsent. She has things point worthyh
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
169 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gccccc!h
After Natsumi lose her words, she backed off in stagger.
It seems the inside of her head is messed up already. Natsumi grit her teeth before,
exiting the resting room without looking at everyonefs face.
gErrrccc.the lodging area was at the B sector righth
Shidou was slowly walking in the corridor of the <Ratotoskr> underground facility
that Natsumi was being quarantined at.
It was quite a distance to come from the Itsuka house to here------and whatfs more,
in order to avoid being followed by Ellen and people form DEM Company; he has
to venture on detours, giving him a hard time just to get here.
Nonetheless, as long as Natsumi is here, Shidou has no choice but to show up.
Because of that, he has to borrow the underground lodging facility for a while, and
went home to take his tooth brush and change of clothes here.
The moment he approached the corridor fs corner, Shidou *don* felt a light impact
on his chest.
gOopsh
When he lowered his sights, he saw a familiar hairstyle tied into two there.
gOu, Kotorih
gcccccch
Although he raised his hands and said that, for some reason, Kotori remained silent
and only took a glance at Shidoufs face.
gYou somehow look tired. Something happened?h
gcccc.nothing. Nothing at allh
Kotori said it in a clearly gloomy voice. Shidou scratched his head.
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
170 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Kotori *pui* turn her face away while saying that as if she does not want to bother
about Shidou any more than this and was about to walk away.
gAh, wait a secondh
gcc..what. Even I am not freeh
gAah, sorry sorry. Ifll end it soon.------itfs about Natsumih
gccccccccc!h
The moment Shidou brought up Natsumifs name, he saw Kotorifs ear twitch.
gWhat about Natsumi?h
After saying that, she suddenly opened her eyes wide and approached closer to him.
He knows her nerves are sensitive now when it comes to Natsumi but, he felt this is
just too extreme.
gA-aahcccc.itfs about Natsumifs foodh
Being overpowered, when Shidou said that, he found out Kotori [cccchaa]
mouth was getting relaxed.
gccccc.fufu, ah, your real self finally came outh
gEh?h
gNothing. So, what are you proposing to do? Should we stop giving her food for a
while from today onwards? Or should we mix poison in it?h
gNocccc..what are you saying. Even for a joke, that isnft funnyh
He made a sullen face while having sweat flow down his forehead. When he did that,
Kotori brought her eyebrows closer in doubt.
gThen, what is it? What are you saying are you going to doh
gCanft we let Natsumi out of that room for tonightfs dinnerh
gccccc? What do you mean?h
gEveryone is here so, I thought we could have it togetherh
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
171 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gccc.huh?h
After *pokan* Kotori went black for an instant, [cccc..aah] she distorted her
lips.
gI see, itfs to seal her. You have one nasty personality too. Something like taking
away Natsumifs reiryoku after using such a method to ensnare herh
Shidou frowned his eyebrows at those movements unlike the normal Kotori.
gWhat are you saying. Itfs <Ratatoskr>fs goal to seal her reiryoku, and allow the
spirits to live a safe and happy life righth
gEhccc.?h
gAlso-------Itfs not only for increasing the affection level, well you know, even
though she is in quarantine, eating alone is just lonely right. Everyone wants to talk
with Natsumi tooh
gcccccch
gMaybe, Natsumifs feelings might soften down a bit if she eats something
deliciouscccc..wait, Kotori?h
Shidou opened his eyes wide.
The reason was simple. Kotori was starting to leak big drops of tears from her eyes.
Her cheeks and eyes were red and her shoulders were trembling bit by bit, she
would also jerk up sometimes. Shidou was horrified at his stout-hearted sister's
weird condition.
gO-oi, what on earth happened! Did I do something!?h
gWhacccc..no-thingccch
gNo, itfs not nothing right! Relax, I will make your portion too so-----g
gShut up! Die! Idiooooot!h
After Kotori shouted, she wipes off her tears with her sleeves while running in the
corridor.
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
172 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gOi, Kotori!?h
Even though he was told that, there was no way he could leave it alone. Shidou
hurried and followed Kotori.
However, he stopped his legs right after he turned the corner.
gAh-reccc?h
Kotori who just turned this way just now, disappeared just like the mist.
gWhere did Kotori goccccch
He could not find Kotori even when he looked left and right. Instead, there was one
unopened chupa chups dropped at the corridor as if it was showings Kotorifs
whereabouts.
gcccccc..for her to drop her candy, seriously what happened to
hercccc..h
He then picked up the chupa chups to give her back later and headed back his
original road without a choice.
And after walking for some time, his cell-phone in his pocket started to vibrate.------
The name [Itsuka Kotori] was shown on the calling screen. Shidou pressed the
receive button in panic.
gHello? Kotori, are you alright?h
gcccc..huh, what do you mean alright?h
When Shidou asked, Kotori replied back as if she was asking him what the heck he
was saying.
gNo, thatfs because just now--------g
gMore importantly, itfs an emergency. I got contacted by the control room over
there just nowh
Kotori interrupted Shidoufs words by saying that.
g--------Natsumi escaped from her roomh
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
173 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gWhacccc.!?h
Shidou gasped at the sudden announcement.
gEscapedccc!? How! She still canft use her Angel yet right!?h
gIt might be because our estimations were naiveccccor maybe there was a
method of using her transformation ability in an incomplete
stateccc..something along those lines I guess. She left a dummy transformed
from something which is thought to be a doll in the bed cover and disappeared.
Most likely, she might have attempted an escape by transforming as someone.
Got anyone in your mind of who that might be?"
gEven if you ask meccsomeone that comes to mindcc.h
Shidou opened his eyes wide and [Ah] let out his voice.
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
174 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
175 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 3
---Almost 2 hours after that. Shidou returned to the surface.
Although every member of the organization searched the whole underground
facility, Natsumi could not be seen anywhere. Judging from the testimony coming
from Shidou, the girls and Shiizaki, they found out Natsumi was disguised as Kotori
but, as long as Natsumi is not limited to stay in that appearance, there were no
special clues.
gNatsumicccch
He walked heavily on the street of his resident city, while mumbling to himself
softly. Now that Natsumi is missing, he has lost the meaning to stay underground
and was heading back to his house while carrying his bag with his change of clothes
inside.
In the end, starting from the time they sheltered Natsumi, Shidou has not seen her
smile not even once. She hates what Shidou and the girls do and will not open her
heart to them.
But-------Shidou could not ever bring himself to think that, those were Natsumifs
true feelings.
It felt like a dog that has been repeatedly abused by humans for a long time, getting
scared of humans by reflex even though it wants to be pampered and play with them.
Thatfs why, there is no one here that would say bad things about Natsumi. There is
no one here that would bully Natsumi. He believed that if they kept telling her that
with perseverance, their feelings would reach her some day.
gcccccnoh
Shidou stopped his legs and made a small swing with his head in denial.
Thinking back on it, Shidoufs assumption might be too much. A small regret
pierced his heart.
Even if she is able to use her transforming abilities, it does not mean that her
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
176 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
wounds have completely healed. She wonft be let off easily if she was found by the
AST or DEM wizards in that wounded condition.
If the reason for Natsumi's hurried escape was because of Shidou and the rest
thenccccccthinking like that, his thoughts would always head to a dark
direction.
gccccThis is not good, if this keeps upcccch
Shidou pulled his cheeks a little before regaining his composure and resumed
walking.
He could see his house immediately after he did that. Shidou opened the gate while
searching his pocket, and took out the key before inserting the key into the door
keyhole.
gcccc..Hnn?h
However, Shidou wrung his neck. There was no feedback even though he twisted the
key. Feeling suspicious, he pulled the knob and the door opened without any
resistance.
Without any mistake, he has locked the house before going out. But even so, he
could not think of anyone that could come back home faster than Shidou.
gThatfs weird. Everyone should be underground now-------g
Shidou said it until there before opening his eyes wide.
gNatsumiccccc!?h
Yes. Natsumi should know where the Itsuka house is. After Shidou opened the front
door, he quickly took of his shoes and ran to the living room.
He then entered the living room and-----stopped his legs immediately.
Just like Shidoufs predictions, there was one girl there.
But.
gWhaccc..h
Shidoufs face was smeared with shock and lost his words.
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
177 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
g-----I beg my pardon, sorry for the intrusionh
The girl sitting on the sofa placed in the living room was completely different from
the one Shidou assumed.
She has blue eyes and Nordic blonde hair as if it was constantly bathed in light.------
Yes. DEM industryfs Wizard, the person called Ellen Mathers was there.
gEllen!? Why are you herecc..!h
gI have come to have a good talk. Pleaseh
After saying that, she showed the opposite sofa. She is probably telling to sit.
gWhat areccc.h
Shidou pretended to be hesitant with Ellenfs words while operating his cell-phone in
his pocket. It was an emergency situation. He has to tell Kotori as soon as possible--
-----
gccccccc.h
gWhacccc..h
But at that moment, just when he thought Ellen raised her right hand, Shidoufs cellphone
floated out and glided mid-air towards Ellenfs hand.
gItfs not really inconvenient for me if you call for help but, it is annoying since it
would disturb our talk. I am sorry but, I will be borrowing this for a bith
Ellen placed the cell-phone she stole from Shidou on the table and sends her sights
over.
gIfll tell you this just in case but, everything within this house is in my . I
donft recommend resistingh
gKuhcccc.h
Shidou clenched his teeth in detest before, making a small sigh and calmed his hips
on the sofa opposite Ellen.
gccccso, what does the supreme DEM-san have to do with me until they break
into a house of a weak citizenh
Territory
Reach
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
178 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
At the very least of resistance, he said that with sarcasm. However Ellen did not
really show any care about that and was staring straight at Shidoufs eyes.
gThere is nothing much. I just want to ask one simple questionh
gQuestion?h
gYes. Ifll be straight forward and ask.-------- right now, where is the Spirit <Witch>
you all ran off with a few days agoh
Ellen asked in a quiet voice. Shidou grasped his fist tightly.
gccc, Donft screw with me! Therefs no way I would tell you that!h
Actually, Shidou wanted to tell her that but----he decided not to tell. He wanted to
avoid letting this woman know that Shidou and the group let Natsumi ran away.
Natsumi is able to distance herself away from danger, just by making her think that
Natsumi was still under <Ratatoskr>fs protection.
However no matter how Shidoufs voice raged, Ellen did not break her composed
expression. She then continued her words in a calm fashion.
gWell, thatfs true. Even we thought you will not tell us that easilyh
gccccI see. Then please leave. I have to prepare dinnerh
gYou are the one making?h
gGot a problem with that?h
gNo. I think it is wonderfulh
gcccc..Well thanksh
When Shidou said that without even trying to hide his hostility, Ellen made a thin
sigh before standing up from the sofa.
She then slowly walked around the living room and crawl her sights as if she was
observing the condition of the room or kitchen before opening her mouth.
g------itfs a little narrow but, it is a house that has been cleaned throughout. It makes
me see people sitting around happily every nighth
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
179 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gccc..cch
Shidou frowned his eyebrows while having no idea what Ellenfs words really
meant. There is no way; the words she spat out literary meant what it meant.
However, Ellen act as if she does not care about Shidoufs no reply and echoed her
beautiful voice.
gI wonder who are inside that happy circle. You-----Itsuka Kotori, Yatogami Tohka,
Yoshino, or maybe, the Yamai sisters and Miku might be in it too. How wonderful.
Please take care of it properlyh
gccc..What do you want to sayh
Becoming impatient, when Shidou asked her, Ellen turned her whole body to
Shidoufs direction. Maybe itfs because her back is facing to the window, he could
not see her expression for an instant because of the back lighting.
g--------Who do you think it is thanks to, for the existence of that happy circle?h
gWhat?h
Shidou brought his eyebrows closer at the sudden question.
gcccc..Well, itfs thanks to Kotori and <Ratatoskr>------g
gYoufre wrongh
Without hearing the end of Shidoufs answer, Ellen shows her denial.
g-------The reason why it is able to exist right now, is because of Ike and me. We are
letting you all off, and letting you all live, that is why you all are able to enjoy this
momentary peaceh
gWhacccch
Shidou felt his back getting damp with sweat.
In Ellen words, there was totally no sign of jesting or joking.
She was saying that seriously. There was no sight of doubt held in that preposterous
and violent logic.
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
180 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gcccccccc.h
Ellen is a wizard. Which means even though, there is a machine buried into her
brain, she should be a human. But even so, why. Why does he feel a stronger odd
feeling------no it should be called foreign sensation, compared to the times he has a
conversation with spirits.
gLet me give you a summaryh
Ellen slowly lifted one of her hand and directed it Shidou. Even though it was such a
simple action, Shidou felt that it was hard to breathe suddenly. Maybe she lowered
the density of the oxygen nearby by manipulating her Territory, or she used it to
press Shidoufs nose and mouth, or maybe-----with just plain pressure, she
overpowered Shidou.
gItsuka Shidou, lined up with <Princess>, <Efreet>, <Hermit>, <Berserk> and
<Diva>. For the compensation of the fore said, please tell me where is <Witch>h
gDo-donft screw-------g
gPlease donft misunderstand. There is no compromise higher than this. You have no
authority to chooseh
gGuhcccc..h
g-----Its simple mathematics. I will assure you the safety of the Spirits for now with
only the <Witch>. I donft think this is such a bad dealh
Ellen said that as if that choice was the natural one to pick.
But. Shidou snorted after he took a deep breath.
gccccc.Sorry but, I've sucked at mathematics since I was youngh
gI see. How regretfulh
It seems Shidoufs words were within her expected category. Without showing any
slight signs of discouragement, Ellen carried her hand inside her jacket before,
taking out a knife handle without the blade from there.
Shidou did not know what it was for a moment but-------at the same time with Ellen
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
181 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
narrowing her eyes, he saw a faint glowing light appearing out from the tip of the
handle before he gulped.
gWell then, I will have you slowly play along with me until you could do a proper
calculation in profit and loss.------I wonder how many numbers you can handle, I am
looking forward to ith
Ellen pointed her light blade towards Shidou while distorting her lips for the first
time.
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
182 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
183 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
184 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 4
gPoint A has no response!h
gSame with Point B!h
gWe have lost sensing the last small quantity of Reiha from the quarantine area halfwaycccc..!h
15000 meters from Tenguu city, the airship <Fraxinus> was now floating in the sky.
Right now in the bridge, the voices of the crews were flying around.
Yes. Right now, Kotori and the crew was using the observation installed in the
<Fraxinus> at full strength, to chase after Natsumifs disappeared reading.
But------The result is just as it looks.
gTskcccccI predicted this already but, the Reiha response canft be pursued
like I thoughth
Kotori clicked her tongue while placing her hand on her chin and sitting on the
commander seat.
As long as they are unable to sense the reiha readings, the automated cameras
thrown into the city would normally be the main search method but-------it did not
have much meaning against Natsumi since she holds the power to transform. While
being aware of the fact she was being an escapee, there is no way she would be in an
easily detected appearance for Kotori and the crew. If she disguises herself as one of
the passerby then, it is close to impossible to find her.
gThis is badcccccit would be good if she would harass Shidou again but, if
she were cautious of us and will not show herself then------it would be impossible to
seal Natsumifs Reiryokuh
After Kotori said that difficultly, she then gave a command to the crew working at
the lower bridge.
g-------Looking for her without any clue is inefficient. Focus on the places Natsumi
has appeared before and search there. The ruined amusement park Shidou first met
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
185 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Natsumi, my house, Shidoufs school and also, the mountain we safeguarded
Natsumih
gRoger!h
At the same time with the crews reply, the images of the city shown on the monitor
started to move all at once.
And at that moment.
gcccc..hnn?h
Facing towards her personal display, Minowa let out a doubtful voice.
gWhatfs wrong? Don't tell me, itfs Natsumifs response!?h
gN-no, itfs not that butcccc.h
gWhat your enunciation is bad. Just what is it?h
gHaahcccc..Could you look at this?h
After Minowa operated the console, the screen Minowa was looking at, was
displayed on the ships main monitor.
On the top part of the observation range which was expanded to its maximum scale
to search for Natsumi------at the end of the sky, there was one strange reading
confirmed there.
gccc.What is this?h
gJudging from the high speed and orbit, it is thought to be an artificial satellite or
somethingccc..h
Kawagoe looked at the screen while saying that. Kotori *fumu* groaned while
bringing her sights to Nakatsugawa.
gCould you bring out the imageh
gHah, please wait a secondcccc.!h
Nakatsugawa operated the console and a speck like dot was shown on the screen.
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
186 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
After that was expanded a few stages up, the rough resolute image was shown out.
gItfs true thatccccit looks like an artificial satellite. But, why is it
aloneccc..h
But at that moment, Mikimoto raised his eyebrows and started staring at the screen.
gIt is just slight but, there is Maryoku readings there! Whatfs more this
isccccc..explosion artsccc.?h
gWhat did you say?h
Kotori brought her eyebrows closer. Explosion arts. Speaking in easy terms, it is a
magical bomb prepared with the Realizer.
gWhat is going on. Why is such a thing at-----g
After saying that, Kotori placed her hands on her mouth.
gDonft tell mecccc.no, there is no way they would use such a stupid-------g
gCo-commandercccc.is something wrong?h
Nakatsugawa fixed his glasses position while asking. Kotori gulped before
continuing her words.
gIfccccc..only if. What do you all think would happen if the artificial satellite
falls to Tenguu city?h
gcccccc!!h
At Kotori words.
All of the crew members lost their words at once.
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
187 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
188 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 5
gccccccch
The taste of salt expanded inside his mouth. The sweat dropping down his cheeks
reached until his tongue through his lips.
While Shidou was being pointed with a laser edge by Ellen, he searched his thoughts
to find a way to break through this situation somehow.
But, Ellen did not show any chances at all. Shidoufs legs would probably be
skewered in an instant if he showed any signs of running away then.
As if she guessed Shidoufs thoughts, Ellen made a soft snort.
gItfs useless. There is only one way for you to be able to leave this place alive. It is
to spit out <Witch>fs whereaboutsh
gccccsorry I have been forgetting a lot recentlyh
gI will make you remember back thenh
After saying that, Ellen slowly walked closer until she reached right in front of
Shidou.
gGuhcc..h
He tried to withdraw his legs back to gain distance at the very least but-----his body
wonft move. It seems, Ellen used her Territory to bind Shidoufs body.
gWell then-----Going with the fingers isnft artistic. So letfs seecccch
Ellen licked her lips before, bringing the laser edge she was holding closer to the
side of Shidoufs head. Itfs as if--------yes, she was going to chip off his ears.
g-----Tentatively, Ifll ask for the last time. You are not planning to tell me <Witch>fs
whereabouts right?h
Ellen sends a cold glint in the eye while saying that. Shidou felt his heartbeat getting
faster until it hurts.
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
189 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
This woman would do it. Without any inch of hesitation, she would drop Shidoufs
ears. He recalled back the memories of being in pain pierced through by her and his
legs trembled bit by bit.
But. After Shidou made the side of his lips to the shape of a smile, he then said it in a
void as if he was holding down his trembling somewhere. gccc.My ears are just
about itchyh
gI seeh
After Ellen said that shortly, she immediately narrowed her eyes and inserted
strength into the hand holding the laser edge.
But-------at that instant.
gcccccc!h
Placed on the table, Shidoufs cell-phonefs rhythmical ringtone echoed and Ellen
probably got distracted by that too. In an instant, his body movement which was
taken away from her territory could move. He heard from Kotori before that, no
matter how skilled a person is, maintaining the Territory without a wiring suit
requires a scary amount of concentration.
gFuu---------!h
If he let this go, there wonft be any more chance. Shidou put strength into both his
hands and pushed Ellenfs chest.
gGuh!h
Ellen made an anguish expression and fell backwards. Shidou sent a thought of
thanks to the person that called him with excellent timing while quickly running
away from the spot.
However, just about the time he was about to leave the living room, his body once
again could not move.
gWhacccc..h
gcccc.Youfve done ith
While mixing in a silent anger in her voice, Ellen slowly raised her body.
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
190 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Following by time, 3 seconds has not passed. In that small interval, Ellen redeployed
her Territory. What scary concentration.
g-----okay, although it is a coincidence, how are you going to pay the fine for
making me fall on the floor?h
gKuh-----g
gAlso, you touched my breast just now. Please dieh
gThat was inevitable!?h
Although Shidou raised a shriek, Ellen did not pay attention to that. She once again,
brought the laser edge closer to his face.
But at that moment, this time, Ellenfs cellphone started making low vibrating sound.
Ellen twitched her eyebrows before, taking out her phone while maintaining her
Territory.
g-----Yes, itfs me. Is there somethingh
Ellen received the call while not releasing her sights from Shidou but------
gccc..what did you say?h
Just what kind of information did she hear; her expression suddenly turned stern.
gcccc.yes, yes. I understand. We will deal with ith
After saying that and turning off her phone, she showed a few seconds of hesitation
before releasing the Territory binding Shidoufs body.
gUwahcc..!?h
It was as if his support was suddenly released. Shidou broke his balance and pitched
forward on the spot.
gWhat a lucky personh
gHuhcc..?h
When Shidou went blank, Ellen did not even take a glance at Shidou and ran outside
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
191 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
the house just like that.
gWha-whatcccon earthh
Left alone in the living room, Shidou was dumbfounded for a while----at that
moment, he noticed his cellphone was still echoing the ringtone. After he walked
over to it and saw the screen, he found out Kotorifs name was displayed.
gHello? Kotori? Listen to this, just now-------g
gYou pick up late! What were you doing at this crisis!h
When Shidou picked up the phone, Kotorifs loud voice echoed.
gWha-what is it. Even I was having a big problem hereh
gForget it, please calm down and listenh
Kotori said it in a serious voice. Shidou wanted to mumble his dissatisfaction but, he
brought his eyebrows closer at that unusual manner.
gWhat, did something happen?h
gcccc.yes. Itfs so sudden so itfs unbelievable but------g
At that point, Kotori corrected her breathing before continuing the rest.
g------10 minutes after now, an artificial satellite will fall onto Tenguu cityh
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
192 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
193 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Chapter 10: Fall downDespair Is
Falling
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
194 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
195 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 1
gTsk-----g
After Ellen clicked her tongue in contempt, she condensed her Territory and dashed
on the ground with crazy speed. After Ellen cut across the road, all the pedestrians
opened their eyes in shock but, she had no time to pay attention to that. She was just
single-mindedly continuing running to her target spot.
Her course was east---------the direction of the hotel Westcott was lodging at.
With this speed, the time needed to reach was------around 30 minutes. She does not
know exactly what time until the [Impact] but, thinking about distancing from
Tenguu city after that, was definitely something not reassuring.
g-----I have no choiceh
Ellen sharpens her sights before making an order in her brain.
In an instant, Ellenfs body made a pale glow and her whole body was equipped with
the platinum CR-unit <Pendragon> in an instant. Compared to a few seconds ago, an
even thicker maryoku compiled Territory was deployed.
Ellen kicked the ground and activated the thrusters attached to her back before
flying high up into the sky. She then made a straight line towards her targeted
location just like that.
At that moment, a call came from the in-cam internally equipped in the unit.
gEx-executive chief Mathers! Just what is happening!?h
It was the subordinate she made to stand-by outside when Ellen entered the Itsuka
house. She was probably surprised because Ellen ran out of the house suddenly.
Ellen maintained her sights in front while, improving her speed and replied back.
gItfs an emergency. Currently, the artificial satellite <DSA-IV> which was planned to
be disposed is now falling directed at Tenguu city. Whatfs more, its coming from ---
----g
After hearing the continuous explanation, her subordinate let out a astonished voice.
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
196 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gWhacccc..even if it is to defeat the Spirits, why would they do
thatccc.! And whatfs more, for the executive chief to not be informed about
that plan is-------g
gNo, the aim isn't the spirits, itfs Ikeh
gHuhccc..!? Wes-Westcott MDcccc!? What does that mean!?h
The subordinate said that in a shocked manner. Well, it was only normal. Thatfs
because the blade DEM is holding, is now directed at its top.
gThere was contact from the HQ just now. It seems the board directors that brought
out the dismissal request on Ike a few days ago is running wildh
After she said that, Ellen clicked her tongue. ------like I thought, I should have
chopped off their heads instead of their arm at that time.
In the end, just moments before the execution of the plan, it seems a member of the
board got scared of Westcott and leaked out the information to the 2nd executive
team. Itfs not like that decision cannot be called smart but--------if he wanted to sellout
the plan, it would be better if he done it sooner. Ellen felt like cursing.
Nonetheless, now wasn't the time to do something like that. She has to secure
Westcott as fast as possible and get far away as possible from here.
g------I am heading towards Ike. Every one of you, please evacuate so that you all
wonft get dragged into the blast. After that, look out for Reiha readings in the
surroundings and if you find a spirit dragged in the explosion then, retrieve the
saphira crystal from herh
gRo-rogerccccc.!h
Leaving that reply, her subordinate cut the line.
Nonetheless, she isnft really expecting anything related to the spirits. As long as they
are involved with <Ratatoskr>, the <DSA-IV> would be detected before it reach the
danger air zone anyway, and if that happens, all they have to do is to secure the
Spirits with the airship before running to a safe zone. Most likely, Itsuka Shidoufs
phone that rang just now was also probably to inform him about this too.
gccccc.h
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
197 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
And, flying halfway in a straight line in the sky. Ellen twitched her eyebrows.
The reason was simple. Coming from everywhere, Uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu--
-----the sound of the siren started to ring in her ears.
gSpacequake alarmccdonft tell me, a spirit?h
She mumbled that but however, she noticed another possibility.
---no matter how much a bother Westcott is, if they drop an artificial satellite on
Japan's city then no matter if it is DEM company, they would not get off easily. If
that is the case then, the board of directors would not achieve the goal of taking over
the company.
The case is that, the board members are planning to blame this disaster all onto the
spacequake. I see, it was a logical thought.
gI wonft let themh
After Ellen grinded her teeth, she headed to Westcott at her maximum speed.
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
198 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
199 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 2
No time at all after Ellen left the house, the space quake alarm echoed throughout
the city and the sound of the residence nearby evacuating could be heard.
gSpacequake alarm!? At a time like this!?h
gNo, youfre wrongh
When Shidou looked out the window in shock, Kotori said that through the phone.
gWe did not detect any shaking in the space nearbyccccccIt is a false
information that occurred in this miraculous timing-------itfs the work of
someone that is planning to put the blame onto spacequake for all the damages
from the falling artificial satelliteh
gBlaming the spacequakeccc..wait, who would do that!?h
gccc.Itfs most likely DEM companyh
Kotori say that as if she was grinding her teeth. However, Shidou raised his
eyebrows.
gWai-wait a second. DEMcccc..? Isnft that impossible?h
gYou sure say weird things. An organization that could do something like this,
in terms of the ability to get things done and in terms of a health problem with a
few screws loose in their heads, there is no one I can think ofh
gIyaa, itfs true butcccch
Shidou explained everything that happened just now.
About the fact that Ellen was there when he got home. And also-------the fact that
Ellen ran out of the house, panicked.
gEllen Mathers did that? Itfs true that itfs weirdcccccif this action is a
plan to round up all the spirits then, there is no way she would not know about
itccc..no, even before thatcccc.h
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
200 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Kotori groaned difficultly. However, she immediately noticed that now wasn't the
time to be immersed in thought. She regained her composure and continue her
words.
gAnyway! There is no mistake it will be dangerous if you stay there. We will pick
you up with <Fraxinus> immediately so, please come outsideh
gA-aahccc how about Tohka and the rest?h
gNo need to worry. The preparations to escape from the underground just got ready.
We will immediately head there after we pick up Shidouh
gI get it. Then------g
Shidou then wrung back his neck when he was about to reply.
gEscape from underground? Doesnft that facility have the endurance equal to that of
the shelters?h
When Shidou said that, Kotori took a breather as if she was leaving a beat before
replying.
g------Yes, thatfs right. If the spacequake is until rank B then it will almost
unmistakably withstand ith
gccc..wait a second. That means-----g
gThinking normally, there should not be a problem. But, there is something
bothering meh
gSomething bothering youcccccc?h
gYes. ------we detected slight Maryoku readings coming from the concerned
artificial satelliteh
Shidou raised his eyebrows at Kotorifs words.
gWha-what does that mean?h
gWe still donft know the details. But-------it is hard to think that DEM is just
going to let the artificial satellitefs wreckage fall. We think that they are going
to make it breakthrough the atmosphere using some kind of method. You
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
201 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
should prepare for the worst scenarioh
gThe worstcccscenarioh
gccccyes. The shelters that have started to be deployed in the world since
30 years ago, was something mainly set for the damages from the spacequake.
Basically, since it is observed that spacequakes often occurs, above ground,
above sea, and the sky, the possibility to escape the damages by just hiding
underground is highh
But, Kotori continued.
gThe case this time is a different storyh
gIf that artificial satellite falls straight onto the shelter thencccc.are you saying
the people inside wonft be saved!?h
gccclike I said, we still donft know the details. But, please understand the
fact that this possibility existh
gcccc..! Wha-what the hell! Just because they are aiming for the Spirits, isnft
this just overboardcccc!h
After Shidou shouted while clenching his fist, Kotori once again groaned difficultly.
gI still donft get-----that pointh
gcccceh?h
gThe DEM too should know that we have an airship. If they were to aim for the
spirits then, I donft think they would take this method which has no certaintyh
gThe-then, what does this meanccc..h
gI canft say anything at this stage. Maybe there is an idiot in the higher ups that
could not get to that decision or, they straight off lost their minds, or maybe----
--they have another goalh
gGoalccccch
Shidou gulped. Just what on earth is that [Goal] they have to achieve even if
thousands of victims are produced?
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
202 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
g-----I understand your feelings but, please hurry now. We are losing time until
the crash just by doing thish
Kotori said that impatiently. However, Shidou stayed still.
gWa-wait a second. Is there any way!? If this keeps up, even if we are saved, the
people in the city will-----g
gPlease listen to the endh
Kotori flat out said that as if to interrupt Shidoufs words.
gEven I donft feel like seeing everyone in the city die. I have a wayh
g! Re-really!?h
gYes. ------itfs simple. Just before the artificial satellite crashes, we will shoot it
down with <Fraxinus> main cannon. If we do that, even if by any chance the
explosion arts activates, and the blast or fragments pours down to the ground,
the shelter below should be safeccc.well, the surface might become
something nasty but, it is the same with the spacequake, they have to be
grateful that they got saved even though it is only their life. We will let the
JGSDFfs restoration team, work hard handling the resth
gI seeccc.if thatfs the case!h
gSatisfied? Now hurry uph
gAah!h
Shidou strongly nodded before cutting the phone call and headed to the front
entrance and putting back on his shoes.
And------at that moment, *Koron* something tumbled down from Shidoufs pocket
because he was leaning over to wear his shoes.
gHnccc?h
When he looked over to it, he found out that it was a chupa chups wrapped with a
red wrapper.-----it was something Natsumi dropped when she was disguising herself
as Kotori in the underground facility.
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
203 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gAh------g
The moment he saw that. Shidou reached a certain thought. He froze on the spot for
a few moments and became dumbfounded.
Thatfs right. Shidou has forgotten something. Itfs true that the residence in the
neighbourhood has evacuated to the shelter because of the spacequake. Everyone
would be safe if <Fraxinus> succeeds in shooting down the artificial satellite.
But-------there is one person. Still escaped from underground, there is only one
person that might still be left on the surface.
When Shidou stopped at the front entrance, the sound of a rhythm started to echo
from his cell phone again. After he pressed the call button, he could hear Kotorifs
voice which has irritation mixed in.
gHey, what are you doing Shidou. I told you there is no timecccc.h
gKotorih
Kotori said it in impatience, and then stopped. Maybe she felt something was up with
Shidou, Kotori continued her words in doubt.
gWhat is it, what happened?h
gAah. There is something I want to ask you to docccccould you retrieve Tohka
and the rest first?h
gHuh? Why again.-------aah, are you perhaps referring to take everyone else to a
safer place first before me? You donft really have to worry about that, since we
will properly retrieve everyoneh
gNocccthere is still something on the surface I have to do no matter whath
When Shidou said that, Kotori [Haaa!?] echoed a voice filled with anger.
gI told you this is an emergency, didnft you get the message!? I donft know
what you have to do but, its not worth risking your life for! First and foremost-
----g
gItfs Natsumih
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
204 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gcc..uhh
Kotori gasped at Shidoufs words.
gYou all still havenft find Natsumi rightcccc.?h
Yes. It would be a big problem if she is still on the surface.
A normal person would run to the shelter when the spacequake alarm rings. That is
only normal. But for Natsumi who is a spirit, he has no idea whether or not she
would obey that alarm. Natsumi was locked up in the underground facility in the
first place, so he doesn't think that Natsumi would want to go back into the shelter
once again, with her own will because it's underground.
gThatfsccccbut, even Natsumi isnft stupid! Even if she does not enter the
shelter, there is a possibility that she has already run far away---------and even if
the blast and fragments of the artificial satellite falls down, she is a spirit you
know!? She can protect herself from something like that!h
gThat might be the case. Butcccc.Natsumifs wounds she got from Ellen should
not be healed completely yet. There might be chanceh
gccccccccuhh
Kotori groaned softly before, falling silent. As If he was making a supplication,
Shidou let out his voice to Kotori who was on the other side of the phone.
gI beg youcccccccCan you let me search for Natsumi until the last minute?
It might be running with no reason. Noccccccthat possibility is probably
high. But, as long as Natsumi is being exposed to danger, I canft justcccccc
keep quieth
When Shidou said that while clenching his fist, Kotori continued being silent for a
while before-----
gccccc..haaah
Like that, she made a sigh as if she given up.
gccccc.I understand. Rather, you wonft listen anymore even if I say
anythingh
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
205 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gKotoricc.!h
gHowever, the time limit is until we finish preparing our intercept attack. I
wonft allow any longer than that. Also, you have to put on your Incam so we
can contact you anytimeh
gAah, I get ith
gThen, hurry up and go. We will try to use the remaining automatic cameras to find
Natsumifs whereabouts too. Well, itfll be a problem if you expect something
thoughh
gRogercccc! Kotori!h
gWhath
gThanksh
When Shidou said that, Kotori *fuun* snorted through the phone.
gcccc..That is my line. I panicked and lost sight of something important. I
am counting on you, Shidouh
After Shidou tilted his head forward, he put the chupa chups that fell in the corridor
into his pocket and went outside the house.
Maybe the evacuation of the residence in the neighbourhood was almost done;
almost no sight of anyone could be seen on the road. The only thing left was a hint
of the presence of many people just a little while ago; it was such a miraculous
silence. Shidou has walked in the city with no one in it many times to have a
conversation with the spirits but, no matter how many times he experience this, as
expected he could not bring himself to like this kind of weird feeling.
But, now was not the time to be making wry smiles. Shidou ran on the street while
taking deep breaths, he then raise his voice as if to make an echo in the
surroundings.
g--------Natsumi!!!h
Shidoufs voice echoed throughout the unnaturally quiet residential area of the city.
But of course-------there was no reply.
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
206 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
However, that was within his predictions. Shidou did not bother about that and
continued shaking his throat.
gIf you are nearby, listen to me! From now, countless artificial satellite fragments
will fall around this whole area! Itfs dangerous to stay on the surface! You have to
hurry up and evacuate! Thatfs why, even if it is just for a little time! Please come
with me! We wonft lock you inside a room! Once everything ends, you can go
anywhere you like! Thatfs why!h
Shidoufs shout echoed in the city street of the residential area, and vanished nearby.
There was no reply as expected.
But, Shidou did not think this was a useless action.
He has no idea where Natsumi is. Just like Kotori said, she might already run away
to another place, or she might have mixed in with the residents and went
underground already.
However, if she is still up on the surface---------and whatfs more if she is in Tenguu
city then, he stumbled upon a possibility that in order to have revenge for being
confined underground, she might be examining Shidou while hiding somewhere.
Betting on that small possibility, he continued shouting.
gI donft mind if you donft have to like me! Please hide in the shelter with the citizens
or run away to another city as fast as possible! Worst comes to worst------you can
run to the other world! Anyway, itfs dangerous to stay in this city! I beg you! Get
away from here!h
Shouting while running has forced a huge burden on his lungs. Even though he did
not advance that far off, his lungs hurt and it was hard for him to breath.
But, Shidou did not stop his legs. Maybe, Natsumi wasnft hiding around these parts.
In order for Shidoufs voice to reach Natsumi, he once again took a deep breath.
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
207 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
208 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 3
g------Natsumi! I beg you! Reply back if you can hear me!h
Shidou was shouting for the unknown number of time while running in the empty
city.
gccccccch
Natsumi silently heard that voice.
Mostly likely, Shidou still thinks that the escapee Natsumi is still nearby and whatfs
more in a place which she can observe him.---------actually, that thought is correct.
gNatsumi! Natsumi! Are you here!? Natsumi!h
Shidoufs imploring voice echoed in the city.
His voice was dried out and his breathing was faint. He looked very pathetic.
However, Shidou did not stop shouting. When he tripped over a stone, he would
immediately stand up afterwards and would start shouting Natsumifs name over and
over again.
---Why would you go that far.
Just moments before Natsumi was about to spill those words, she stopped.
Itfs not like she thought Shidou would find out her position if she let out her voice.
Itfs just simply; she knew the answer without even letting out those words.
---why?
Itfs obviously to save Natsumi.
Fragments of an artificial satellite will fall in this area. What Shidou was saying was
most likely the truth. Looking at the residence in the surroundings evacuating, there
is no mistake there is some kind of disaster predicted.
Of course if that is the case then, it is possible to think that the organization backing
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
209 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Shidou and the rest, rang the alarm to draw Natsumi out but------listening to the
slight sounds coming from Shidou and Kotori phone just now, that possibility is
denied.
Shidou did not consider about the danger towards him and with a reason of,
Natsumi might still be left behind; he remained alone in a city with no one in it.
gUucccc.h
When she thought about that, a weird feeling once again expanded inside Natsumifs
chest.
It was fluffy, whirly, and irregular, and it felt disgusting.
---The first time Natsumi came over to this world silently. No one in this world
would look at Natsumi.
Natsumi hated that very much. She wanted to be talked to; she wanted to be bothered
and wished to be acknowledged by someone. Thatfs why------she used <Haniel>fs
power to remake her own appearance.
When Natsumi transformed into a beautiful one-san, everyone became gentle to her.
Everyone would fawn over Natsumi and would listen to her words. But-------no
matter how many times it repeated, Natsumifs heart was not satisfied.
In the end, no one would look at Natsumi. In the end, no one would acknowledge
Natsumi. That feeling only gets stronger, the more she gets pampered.
But right now, the one Shidou was looking for was the [Real Natsumi] that no one
acknowledged.
---He tried to find the Natsumi who was ignored by everyone.
gccccch
Events that occurred one after another floated in her head.
The fact Shidou protected her when Ellen attacked her.
The fact everyone transformed Natsumi.
The fact he made me think I was cute.
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
210 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
---And the fact he acknowledged someone like me.
gcccc.donft tell me, Ih
She didnft have to think about it anymore.
Natsumi-----does not want Shidou to die.
Without her noticing, she didnft really bother anymore about the fact that he saw her
secret. More importantly, she was very happy that someone would look properly at
her real self.
g------Natsumi!h
gcccc.., ccccc.h
At that moment her name was just called, and she almost let out her voice in an
instant.
She did not really mind if her voice comes out. If that happens, Shidou will
definitely find Natsumi. It would be better if they both ran to a safer place.
However, now that Natsumi is aware of that, she has no idea what she should do with
the new emotions she now holds.
gI-it will be alrightcccalrighth
She mumbled that in a soft voice so that she wonft be detected by Shidou.
Even Shidou would evacuate once the fragments are going to fall. Worst case, there
is no mistake that the organization behind him will do something about it like when
they saved Natsumi.
Natsumi chanted [Itfs going to be alright, Itfs going to be alright] in her heart as if to
let herself hear it while, praying for Shidou to give up looking for Natsumi as fast
as possible and evacuate to a safer place.
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
211 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
212 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 4
gComing from the D3 underground facility, Tohka-chan and the rest have been
retrieved!h
gRetrieval of the 13 accompanying organization members is complete!h
gThe wall of the facility is closed with the remote control!h
After swallowing Shidoufs suggestion, it has been almost 20 minutes since sending
him out to the empty city. Kotori opened her lips after confirming the report of the
crew echoing in the bridge.
gOkay------How about Shidoufs current position?h
gYes, Shidou-kun is currently running towards the northern main street at the 3rd
district. It seems he is heading towards the schoolh
gHow about Natsumi from the automatic camera?h
gSadly, we have not found herh
gI seeh
Kotori made a short reply. She did not think it would be that easy to find Natsumi
who holds the power of transformation in the first place.
And,
g! Commander! The artificial satellite has started falling!h
Normally, when an artificial satellite falls, it would gradually fall off orbit and
while turning around the earthfs surroundings, it would slowly lower its altitude
from the influence of the gravity and atmosphere before burning up when it breaks
through the great atmosphere.
But in the icon shown in the monitor, coming from the satellite orbit, it was falling
straight towards earth as if there was something pulling it in a vertical line.------itfs
was clearly abnormal.
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
213 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
g------Itfs here huhh
After Kotori licked her lips, she brought forward her hand and made an order to the
crew.
gCalculate the fall prediction point immediately! Parallel activate the Ar-008, and
machine no.3 to no.5, also please make it so that <Mystletainn> could be fired! After
we retrieve Shidou, we will then move to the interception point and destroy the
target!h
Normally, pin pointing the falling point of the artificial satellite precisely is very
difficult. But, if they use the calculative power of the AI installed in the <Fraxinus>
then it is possible to calculate the falling point with a few kilometers error.
gRoger! Ar-008, no.3, no.4, no.5, has started generating Maryoku!h
gThe predicted point of the fall is out! It is aim precisely at the vicinity of east
Tenguu in the Tenguu city!h
After she heard Mikimotofs report, Kotori clicked her tongue.
gTsk, Shidoufs position is unexpectedly nearh
The only time when they are able to use the <Fraxinus> teleporter device, is when
the target is right underneath without any obstructions. Which means; they must
move directly on top of that target if they want to retrieve someone on the ground.
But nonetheless, as long as there is a fear of the explosion arts activating at the same
time with the interception, itfs not a good plan for the <Fraxinus> to be too close to
the target. After retrieving Shidou at the area near the impact predicted point, there
came the need to take distance once again to prepare for interception.
gWhatfs the limit of the time after we move to Shidoufs retrieval point?h
gEstimated to becccc5 minutes 30 seconds!h
gItfs a little off, thinking its preparations for an interception attack. Please pick up
the paceh
gRoger!h
At the same time with Kawagoefs reply, the bridge was wrapped with a low tone
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
214 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
motoring sound-------<Fraxinus> that was remaining still in the air started moving.
After recognizing that, she made more orders.
gConnect a line to Shidouh
gRogerh
Nakatsugawa operated the console. And then, at the edge of the monitor, Shidou who
was running around the city while finding Natsumi was shown out.
She pulled the mike closer to her mouth and sends her voice to Shidoufs Incam.
gShidou, can you hear me?h
Shidou in the screen then made a small reaction and stopped his legs.
gccc.a-ahhcccI can, hear youccc..h
Pressing the incam with his fingers, Shidou replied back while breathing heavily.
His voice was raspy just like when someone gets a cold. It seems he has been
running the whole time while continuously calling out to Natsumi.
She hesitated to say the next word when she looked at Shidou like that. But, she
could not allow him to keep on looking for Natsumi. She swing her head a little to
regain her composure before letting out her voice at the mike.
gSadly, it is time limit. We will head there to pick you up so, donft move from that
spoth
gWhacccccTimeccc.alreadycc.!? I beg you, a little more-----g
gNo. you promisedh
gBu-buth
Shidou implored back. Kotori *crack* bit her chupa chups.
gDonft make me say it againccccc..inside the lives you want to protect, please
properly add yours in it tooh
When Kotori said that, Shidou kept quiet for a while before making a soft sigh.
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
215 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gcccccc, ccccc.I understand. Sorry, for being so selfishh
gNot really. I am used to ith
After Kotori fluttered her hands while saying that, she then looked back at the
monitor.
At that moment when she did that, the buzzer that announces an emergency started
echoing from the speaker installed in the bridge.
gUh, what happened!?h
gThi-this iscccc.The falling speed of the artificial satellite is suddenly rising!h
gWhat did you sayccccc!?h
The same time with Kotori raising her eyebrows, the fore said artificial satellite was
showed out in the monitor. It's square frame type with solar panels attached to both
its sides. In a fashion of cramping the upper part, there was some kind of unshapely
round object clinging onto it. It seems one part of it was serving as a thruster. It is
clearly not a normal artificial satellite.
gKuhccwhatfs thatccc.!?h
Kotori opened her eyes wide and let sweat flow down her cheeks. It seems they
seriously went that far to cause huge damage when it falls. Or maybe-----they
foresaw that <Fraxinus> was in the Tenguu city, and was cautious of an interception.
No matter which one is correct, there is no mistake that this situation is something
not good for Kotori and the group. She hit the commander seats handrail while
standing up and bounced her voice at the lower bridge.
gHurry with the correction of the predicted arrival time! Whatfs the time!?h
gccc., ccccc.., the predictions are out! Jud-judging by these values, we
wonft make it if donft enter interception now!h
gKuhccccc!h
Kotori distorted her face painfully. But, she immediately immersed herself in
thoughts and
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
216 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gccc.Shidou, sorry but therefs a problem with the planh
gEh?h
gWe cannot go pick you up anymore. ------but, if we intercept the artificial satellite,
there should be no damage done underground. Please hurry to evacuate to the a
nearby shelterh
g------, aah, I get it. Donft worry about me. -----I am counting on youh
He probably guessed the situation from Kotorifs voice. Shidou did not ask anything
extra and said that. Kotori restrained her trembling voice while [Yes] making a nod
before cutting the transmission.
gCo-commandercccc.h
gcccThere is no problem. More importantly, please hurry with the preparations
for interception.-------we have to accurately shoot it downh
gRo-roger!h
The crew shouted and operated their consoles. <Fraxinus> changed its course and
headed towards the interception point.
gccckuhh
Kotori grinded her teeth and clenched her fist.
Kotorifs decision was supposed to be right. If they prioritize retrieving Shidou
there, it will make it impossible to intercept for <Fraxinus> and in result, many
people will lose their lives. But-------
g----commander!h
And after some time of thinking, Shiizakifs voice shook Kotorifs eardrum.
gWe reached the interception point!h
gThe target will pass the prescribed point in 30 seconds!h
gAr-008 has finished loading the Maryoku! We can go anytime!h
The voices of the crew echoed in the bridge. Kotori swung her head to throw off
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
217 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
any unnecessary idle thoughts before, staring straight at the monitor.
And as if to match with the countdown displayed in the corner of the screen, she
followed the numbers by counting in her heart too and when the target fell into the
screen perfectly------she raised her voice.
g-------<Mystletainn>! Fire!h
At the same time with Kotorifs shout, a strong torrent of Maryoku was shot out
from the <Fraxinus> cannon.
The giant cluster of Maryoku released from the giant Realizer installed inside the
airship headed towards the target shown in the middle of the screen and swallowed it
up.
It was in a perfect timing. There were even some in the crew that made a guts pose
even though they havenft checked it was shot down or not.
But-------
gWhaccc.!?h
In the next moment, Kotori made an unbelievable face while raising a dismayed
voice.
However that was only natural. The moment the convergence Maryoku cannon
reached straight at the artificial satellite, it distorted and only pierced one side of the
solar panel and thrusters before disappearing into the sky.
Although the artificial satellite loses its balance because it flicked away the maryoku
cannon-------it then continued falling down as if it was pulled down by gravity like
that.
gWha-what was thatccc!h
gIt is most likely, a Territorycc..h
Kannazuki standing beside the commander seat was the one who answered Kotorifs
shout. He placed his hands on his chin and *Fuumu* groaned. gTerritory you
saycc..!?h
Kotori shouted and-------at that moment, she found a weird point inside the artificial
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
218 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
satellite inside the image.
The round object that got pierced through by the <Mystletainn>.
Inside it, a familiar looking face peeped out.
gThatfscccc<Bandersnatch>cc..!?h
Yes. The DEMfs mechanical doll <Bandersnatch>. More specifically, it was a unit
quite similar to it. It was able to use the Realizer without the assist of a Wizard, and
thus is able to deploy the Territory; it was the DEMfs unmanned weapon.
That was completely docked onto the artificial satellite.
gImpossible-----they had such a methodcc..!h
Looking at that, Kotori understood the outline of this artificial satellite in an instant.
Most probably the DEM Company launched the custom type <Bandersnatch> from
the ground and made it dock with the artificial satellite which was planned to be
disposed of.
Even though it is an artificial satellite cruising with crazy speed, it is possible to
seize it if it is a unit with a Realizer installed.
And having the <Bandersnatch> attached on it would mean------it is possible to
attach a Territory onto the artificial satellite.
gI seeccccc.Thatfs the reason why the artificial satellite is not damaged even a
little when it breaks through the atmospherecccc!h
After Kotori clicked her tongue in detest, she heard the sound of Reine fiddling the
console.
gcccThis is not a good situation. If an artificial satellite with this size crashes
down while maintaining that mass, the high-rank explosion arts owned by DEM, and
whatfs more all of that would be amplified by the Territory made by the
<Bandersnatch>cccc..h
*Kaa* the sound of a key was produced and a number was shown on the screen.
gcccc..I donft know the exact numbers so, it would just approximate
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
219 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
butc..most likely, it would be equal to a tactical nukeh
gcccccccc!!h
Hearing those words, Kotori gasped.
She planned to expect the worst case scenario but------in reality, it crossed her
assumptions by a lot. If something like that falls, the Tenguu city would wholly turn
into scorched earth.
And inside them, Kannazuki was the only one making a difficult face while stroking
his chin.
g-----itfs weirdh
gWhat ish
gNo, it is unthinkable that the Territory generated by the Realizer from the installed
<Bandersnatch> would deflect <Mystletainn>h
gThen what isccno, anyways, striking it down now is our first priority! Reload
the Maryoku! We have to do it before the artificial satellite reaches the ground------
Kyaaa!?h
In an instant, the <Fraxinus> frame shook intensely and Kotori cut her voice.
gWhat happened!?h
gItfs a bombardment! The Realizer has reduced by 15 percent!h
gA bombardmentccc..?h
gThe image is out!h
At the same time with Minowafs voice, the image of the sky was shown out in the
monitor. Wondering when it appeared, an airship bigger than <Fraxinus> was
floating there. Even though it was organized in a straight line, it has a frame which
makes them think it was somewhat coordinated. DEMfs common, eerie weapons
could be seen on it.
gThatfs----the DEMfsh
gKuhcccc..so thatfs the reason why our cannon attack was avertedh
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
220 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Kotori clenched her teeth in regret. Most likely, they predicted that the artificial
satellite would be intercepted by them.
They donft know the details of the enemy shipfs performance but-------itfs true that
it was powerful enough to generate a spontaneous point with the Territory to avert
the <Mystletainn >. They could not shoot down the artificial satellite unless they do
something about that enemy ship. On the other hand, if they do that, the artificial
satellite will fall to the ground.
gCommandercc..!h
That result was probably easy to predict. The crew made horrified face while
raising their face.
However. After Kotori made a sigh in a very calm manner, she once again sat back
at the commander seat.
gKannazuki, I will leave this to you.-----we will use the <Gungnir>h
When Kotori said that, everyone twitched their eyebrows.
gccccare you alright with that, Kotorih
gYes. Itfs not like I am going to shoot it in my full form. And I canft take away
Shidoufs regenerative abilities nowh
After Kotori answered Reine with that, she then brought her sights towards
Kannazuki.
gDonft miss this, Kannazukih
gLeave it to meh
Kannazuki said that while standing straight. After Kotori nodded in satisfaction, she
then placed the palm of her hand on the verification device attached to the side of the
console.
When she did that, the commander seat Kotori was seating, slide back downwards as
if it was being sucked to the ground.
And after a few seconds, Kotori who was sitting in the chair came out in an open
area.
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
221 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
It was a round shaped space with a radius of 3 meters. Since the outside condition
could be projected on the smooth curved wall in real time, she felt a delusion as if
she was floating in the air.
But, Kotori does not have the leisure of enjoying a walk in the pleasant air now.
After Kotori jumped off the commander seat, she stood in the middle of the circle
and made thin exhales while calming her heart.
gWell then, let us begin.-----My warh
Inside the cage of her consciousness, she felt the reeling in of a thin thread.
She imaged a scorching hot fire covering her body.
Not long later, that imagination turned into reality and when Kotori thought a swirl
of fire was covering her surroundings, it turned into the shape of a magical raiment.
And after that, the fire crawled up to Kotorifs hair and-----horns of an oni[9E 1]
appeared on the side of her head.
--Astral Dress. The absolute armor covering the Spirit.
There was once a time when, Kotorifs reiryoku was sealed by Shidou but, thanks to
her controlling her own mental state, it became possible to reverse the reiryoku
from Shidou spontaneously.
Nonetheless, if she brings out 100 percent of her power then, there is a danger of
her consciousness being eaten by that power. By ensuring her reiryoku to a certain
level, she would close the pass deliberately and maintain a limit release astral dress.
g<Camael>h
After Kotori quietly said that, the flames concentrated in Kotorifs hand and it turned
into a giant battle-axe.
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
222 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
At that moment, an explosion echoed and the ship shook a little.
It was most likely because they received an attack from the foresaid enemy ship. It
seems the protective territory was defending right now but, if more time was
wasted, then <Fraxinus> would get damaged before the artificial satellite falls.
Kotori hanged <Camael> while releasing her voice.
g----[Megido]!h
When she did that, the cylindrical shape of <Camael> changed and was equipped on
Kotorifs arm perfectly. The appearance was like-----a giant cannon. The giant
cannon that did not look suitable on Kotorifs small body, was equipped onto
Kotorifs right hand.
And at the same time, a giant connector like equipment descended in front of her.
When Kotori then touched it with <Camael>fs tip, a small electronic sound was
produced and <Camael> was linked towards the connector tightly.
gLetfs do this, Kannazukih
gYes, anytime as you wishh
When Kotori said that, she could hear Kannazukifs voice from the speaker.
After acknowledging that, Kotori concentrated her mind and gathered her reiryoku
in the Angel.
Yes. If it was able to flick off the convergence Maryoku cannon <Mystletainn> then,
there was only one method left.
The Spirit Reiryoku cannon <Gungnir>.
Just like its name, she would convert the power of the Spirit and release a amplified
mortality attack; it is <Fraxinus>fs strongest weapon.
---in the surrounding of her body,
gNow! Spirit Reiryoku cannon <Gungnir>!h
gFire!!h
At the same time with Kannazukifs voice echoing from the speaker, the Spirit
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
223 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
cannon fired from the giant cannon located in the center of <Fraxinus>.
That was. It was something that could no longer be called a laser cannon or beam
anymore.
Suffice to say-------a pillar.
The giant light pillar made up of thick reiryoku, extended out to the artificial
satellite from <Fraxinus> like a straight line connecting.
If it was pierced with this cluster of reiryoku then, just what would happen to the
target.
Immediately, that peerless illustration got shown.
The instant the cannon hit its target, the artificial satellite once again averted its
course and had the Territory deployed on its surroundings.
But, after the <Gungnir> attack slaughtered that in an instant--------the artificial
satellite that was falling to Tenguu city got annihilated without leaving any shadow
or shapes left.
The explosion art. Countless fragments. All those predicted damages, got
evaporated without a trance with that simple ultra-high output attack.
g-----Target, destroyed! Itfs a success!h
The crewfs voice echoed through the speaker. After hearing that, Kotori fell to her
knees on the spot.
gHaacccchaaccccch
A light headache and drowsiness attacked Kotori. Although it was a part, maybe
because she used her spirit powers, a mysterious destructive impulse started licking
Kotorifs heart as if it was scorching it.
This was the reason why they could not frequently use <Gungnir> which holds
absolute power. By any chance, Kotorifs consciousness got eaten by that destructive
impulse then, Kotori would become a threat to <Fraxinus>. Because of that, they
could only fire the main cannon during really critical moments.
Kotori took a deep breath while erasing her angel and released her Astral dress. She
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
224 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
then sat on the ground like that.
She then let out her voice to call out to the crew in the bridge.
gGood work. But we still canft rest. We have to do something about the enemy ship--
---g
But, at that moment.
As if to interrupt Kotorifs voice, a very loud emergency rang and echoed.
gcccc., what happened! Did the enemy ship do something!?h
gN-no! itfs not! Thi-this is------g
At the same time the crewfs words, the radar image got shown on a part of the wall
showing the skyfs scenery.
Looking at that readings shown on it------she gasped.
gWhacccc.this is------another artificial satelliteccc..!?h
Yes. A reading similar to the onefs that got annihilated has appeared on
<Fraxinus>fs higher air again.
gImpossible-------are you saying the last one was a decoycc.!?h
Kotori distorted her face in detest.
Most likely the enemy prepared several artificial satellites in the beginning as they
saw through the fact that they had an airship and they had a method to shoot down
the artificial satellite. Kotori clenched her teeth before placing her hand on her knee
and putting strength in it to stand up on the spot.
gBring it oncccc! One more timeccc.!h
gccccno, you canft, Kotori. Continous <Gungnir> would bring big burden
to you and <Fraxinus>h
Just when Kotori hung her hand up to manifest her angel again, Reine said that
softly.
In an instant, another sound of an explosion echoed and the ship shook harder
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
225 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
compared to just now.
gKuhcccc..!h
The attacks from the enemy ship probably increased. It was dangerous to stay
defensive. Either they have to switch to retaliation or took evasive maneuvers.
It was the worst thinkable situation. Even now when the 2nd artificial satellite was
falling towards the ground, they could not shoot the <Gungnir> and they are unable
to shoot down that shipfs territory with <Mystletainn >fs output. No, even before
that, if they were to concentrate their attacks onto the artificial satellite then, the
<Fraxinus> would sink before that.
gJust what should we------g
When Kotori was lost in her decisions for a few moments, she could hear the door
of the bridge opening from the speaker.
gMuccccc.Wha-what is happeningh
After confirming securing them just now, Tohka and the girls were the ones that
entered the bridge. Maybe she saw the noisy bridge, the enemy ship shown n the
screen and also the image of the 2nd artificial satellite continuing its fall; she
echoed her voice in surprise.
gAh-Ahnoocc..what is thisccc.h
gUhhaa. Donft you feel we are in a pinch?h
gKukuccc..how miserable. To think you would panic with something like
thish
gAgree. You all should be calmerh
gAh-re? Is that the artificial satellite we were told just now on the screen?
Somehowccc.it feels like itfs still falling thoughccc.h
Following after Tohka, the next that entered the bridge were, Yoshino, [Yoshinon],
Kaguya, Yuzuru, and Miku; all of them said that.
gYo-you girlsccc.!h
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
226 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
After Kotori opened her eyes wide and answered back, Tohka replied in wonder.
gKotori? Where are you? I donft see Shidou but, what isccc.h
Kotori gasped unintentionally at Tohkafs question.
Maybe she felt something from that Kotori manner, Tohka made her expression a
little stern.
g-----Kotori, whatfs wrong. Please tell me. Is there something we can help?h
gcccch
Kotori silently clenched her teeth. The Spirits are targets to be protected. Even if
there is a mistake, they should not send them to the dangerous surface.
But-----Shidou is on the ground.
If they find out that the artificial satellite is still falling then, Shidou, that kind
brother would without a mistake oppose it.
Commander and sister.
Each position's intentions fought each other------ Kotori opened her lips half
unconscious.
gPleaseccc.everyone. That stupidccc..my only Onii-chancc.save
himcccc!h
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
227 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
228 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 5
gTime limitccccchuhh
After the transmission from Kotori got cut, Shidou looked downwards and clenched
his fist.
In an instant, he was about to ignore Kotorifs evacuation advice and the thought of
resuming to find Natsumi scratched his mind. Even if he gets heavily injured by the
poured down artificial satellite fragments and blast, if it is Shidou who has Kotorifs
protection then, he would not die straight away and would probably resurrect back.
But, when he thought about that, Kotorifs words revived in his mind.
(------inside the lives you want to protect, please properly add yours in it too)
gThatfs rightccsorry, Kotorih
Shidou said that as if he re-thinks back, and raised his face.
He has been shouting while running around for this much. If Natsumi is observing
Shidou then, she would probably run away after realizing the restless situation. He
could only pray for that.
Shidou crawled his sights and, looked for the public shelter nearby. During the time
when the spacequake alarm is announced, the electric signs and electric noticeboard
would show the path to the nearest shelter.
After Shidou confirmed the direction to the nearest underground shelter, he once
again raised a shout to his surroundings.
g---Natsumi! I will now evacuate to the underground shelter! If you donft know
where the shelter is, then follow me!h
A replycc..there was none, like he thought.
gOkay!?h
Shidou prayed that his voice would reach Natsumi and ran towards to the shelter.
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
229 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Since he ran around to find Natsumi, it was hard for him to breath, and his legs were
in dull pain. But he could not stop. He does not know how much time he has left. If
Kotori and the group were to destroy the artificial satellite then, an explosion would
probably occur. Before that happens, he has to run inside the shelter------and if
Natsumi was hiding herself while following Shidou then, Natsumi would probably
be dragged into this too.
He appealed to his body which wants to stop and somehow manage to reach a
nearby shelter.
Since quite some time has passed since the alarm was announced, the main entrance
has already closed down. But, basically these types of public shelter would make an
emergency entrance for late runners like Shidou. He moved towards that.
gFuucc.made ith
Having reached the emergency entrance, Shidou made a small sigh before looking
behind.
gNatsumi! itfs over here! Itfs okay to hide yourself! Before the fragments fall------g
He then raised his chin for his voice to get through, before leaving a last appeal.
But.
gEhccc.?h
Shidou stopped his body there.
The reason was simple. When he raised his face, he saw some kind of small shadow
coming from the rift of the clouds.
gThatfs-----g
Shidou opened his eyes wide in surprise for an instant but, he immediately noticed
its identity.-----It was the artificial satellite Kotori told him about.
gOi, Youfre joking rightccc?h
Shidou squeezed out his trembling voice from his throat.
That was only normal. Thatfs because, instead of thin fragments, right now the thing
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
230 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
falling down to Tenguu city was-----a giant cluster of metal.
If that artificial satellite falls down the ground like that, the surrounding shelters
wonft end up safe. He recalled back what Kotori said just now. Shidou felt
something cold expanding in his stomach.
Donft tell me, <Fraxinus> failed to shoot it downcccc..!? Shidou raised his
voice towards the Incam in panic.
gKotori! Oi, Kotori! What happened!?h
When he did that, he could hear a voice with noises mixed in from the Incam.
g-----dou!? Right now, with enemy shipcccc., cccc.failed to
shootccc, cc..right now-----g
gEh!? Wha-what did you say!?h
He asked again but, at the same time he heard some kind of explosion, he could not
hear anything anymore from the Incam.
He doesnft know the details. But, he could at least understand that there was some
kind of emergency situation happening in the sky.
After Shidou gasped, he once again looked back at the sky.
That black boorish silhouette was slowly-----but certainly getting bigger.
gccccc.Damn it!h
After Shidou shouted that, he did not enter the shelter and ran away from that spot.
Even if he enters the shelter now, it would be meaningless if that artificial satellite
remains un-destroyed and crashes down. The whole area would be scorch down
because of the explosion arts and impact of the crash, and the people evacuated in
the shelter would die too.
Tonomachi, Ai, Mai, Mii and his other classmates, his homeroom teacher Tamachan-
sensei, the neighbor he exchanges greeting with every morning, the people in
the shopping district that are always kind to himcccccc..countless lives
would disappear in an instant.
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
231 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gI wonft letcccc..something like that happencccc!h
He glared at the sky while shaking his throat and ran towards the bottom of the
artificial satellite.
Shidou did not think he could do something with that giant artificial satellite with his
powers alone in the first place. But, there was no one else that can move in the
ground. If Shidou gives up then at that moment, everyone losing their lives would
be definite. Shidou would never allow something like that.
gcccc.!h
But even so, the speed of the artificial satellite falling was crazy. it got bigger in a
blink of an eye-----and the whole picture could be seen by Shidou eyes.
gKuhccccc.!h
Shidou ran while grinding his teeth.
If this goes on----it would be no good. Even if he reached the point where the
artificial satellite was going to fall to, it would end with Shidou and the city getting
blasted off.
--Power.
It was essential to have a giant power strong enough to sink that embodiment of
despair coming from the sky in one hit.
But even so, Shidou was human. A normalcccc...although he walks a life
decorated with misfortune, he was still human in the end. Thinking logically, there
was no way he would have that power.
But. Even if Shidou does not have it------if itfs the Spirits powers that Shidou was
borrowing then.
gI beg youcccc..there is only me! Please lend me your powerccc!h
After Shidou shouted, he thrust out his right hand. As if he wanted to cling onto
something invisible.-----or possibly-----he grasped something.
And then. There was only one thing in his heart. He only pictured the wish of
wanting to save everyone.
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
232 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
g-----I beg youccc<Sandalphon>!h
At that instant when he did that, a dazzling light shined in Shidoufs sights and------a
feeling of holding something in his right hand was born. When the blinding light
faded away, a giant sword giving off a pale glow appeared in Shidoufs hand.
The Angel <Sandalphon>. It was the absolute sword Tohka holds.
gcc..! I did it!h
Shidou raised his voice unintentionally. It was the angel that he has manifested many
times until now. This was the first time he was able to hold <Sandalphon> by his
own will.
gWith this I could-----!h
After Shidou sharpen his sights, he stopped his legs and glared at the falling
artificial satellite while making a stance with <Sandalphon> using both his hands.
He made a thin exhale and calmed his heart down. He threw away any unnecessary
worries and only thought of protecting the people in the ground. Shidou then swung
down <Sandalphon>----and made a line towards the sky.
gHaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa-----!h
Light overflowed out from <Sandalphon>fs blade and Shidou then extended it to the
sky as if he was following swordsmanship. An absolute strike from the powerful
Angel. No matter if the opponent has a territory put up; it should break easily in
front of the Angelfs slash.
But.
gWhaccc.!h
Shidou opened his eyes wide.
The moment the strike Shidou released approached the artificial satellite, it then
changed its direction unnaturally just before it hits and then extended to the sky just
like that.
The artificial satellite was still going strong. It was spreading thunderous roars
while, approaching the ground to annihilate Tenguu city.
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
233 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gDamncc.! Once more-----g
After Shidou clenched his teeth, he once again lifted up <Sandalphon>. But at that
moment, a strong pain ran through his body and fell to one of his knees after
distorting his face in reflex.
gA-gahccc..h
Itfs the price for using the power of Angels which is too much for humans. Shidoufs
whole body turned worn-out in just one swing.
Next off, a scorching feeling of him being thrown into fire attacked his body. It was
the fire regenerative ability he gained by sealing Kotorifs powers but, it half-forced
heal Shidoufs injured body.
gGuh-------!h
His faced was dyed in pain and he put in strength into his right hand to avoid
dropping <Sandalphon>.
But, while he was doing that, the artificial satellite was still approaching to the
ground. If he waits for his body to heal then, everything would end before he could
release the next strike. Inside the pain and heat which is almost causing him to faint,
Shidou somehow managed to stand up with both his legs.
gKuh, ah, ah ahcccc.!h
He lifted <Sandalphon> with all his might. However, the artificial satellite was
already showing its giant appearance towards Shidoufs sights. Most likely in
another 10 seconds, the whole of Tenguu city would become scorched earth.
gA-Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!h
Shidou recklessly swung <Sandalphon>. But, there was no way he could use an
angel after having lost his concentration. The point of <Sandalphon> sliced the sky
fruitlessly and produced loud sounds when it touches the ground.
But, Shidou did not give up. He did not let go of <Sandalphon> even when his
muscle fibers are torn, bones cracked and his whole body was burned in scorching
heat due to it getting forcefully healed.
gThe hellc.I will let youccc.!h
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
234 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
He put strength into his legs when he was about to fall.
The moment, if Shidou gives up, the people evacuated in the shelter will be killed.
He would never let something like that ever happen.
gMycccc.cityccc.! Donft you fallccc..on itttttttttttttttt!h
Shidou mustered his strength into his whole body and swung <Sandalphon> down.
The sword strike turned into light and stretched out to the artificial satellite as if to
swallow it. But-----that strike could not even break the Territory.
--at that moment.
gccccc..!?h
Shidou suddenly twitched his shoulders.
The moment Shidou swung the sword, a cold wind suddenly blew passed by
suddenly.
It was a sudden cold wind that feels like the arrival of winter. But immediately,
Shidou noticed that he was familiar with that feeling.
gThis is------g
Next, Shidou looked up at the sky and lost his breath.
The artificial satellite has stopped in a position just few hundreds meter from the
ground.
No-----more specifically, a wind pressure blowing upwards like an updraft and a
wall compiled with ice, just barely stopped the artificial satellite was approaching to
the ground by emitting its thrusters.
g-----Shidou-san!h
A familiar voice echoed from behind. Shidou moved his painful body and turned
around.
Over there, Yoshino clinging to an angel that looks like a giant rabbit was there.
gYoshinocc..why are you here!?h
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
235 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gKuku, Yoshino isnft the only oneh
gUnsatisfied. I wished you would see Yuzuru and Kaguyafs great efforth
He then heard 2 voices coming from the sky next. When he looked over, he found
out that the Yamai sisters were floating there while manifesting their angels and
astral dress in limited release mode in the sky. It seems Yoshino and the Yamai
sisters have hold back the artificial satellite from falling in the nick of time.
gShidou!h
gDarling!h
The next ones that echoed were Tohka and Mikufs voices. Both of them were
covered in a pale light dress and Tohka was holding in her hands a sword with the
same shape as the Angel Shidou was holding in his hands.
gTohkacc.even Miku toocc..!h
Tohka nodded, when Shidou said that in a surprised face.
gUmu, we heard that Shidou and everyone was in danger so, we quickly had them
teleport us here. Itfs good that we made ith
gI seeccc.how about Kotori and the rest?h
When Shidou asked, Miku was the one who raised her voice this time.
gThey are fighting with the enemy ship. Well, I think is alright to leave that to themh
He was convinced after hearing those words. It was probably their fault that
<Fraxinus> failed in shooting down the artificial satellite and the transmission got
cut just now.
Although he was worried about <Fraxinus> but, he could only believe Kotori and
the rest now. He looked back at the girls and slightly lowered his head.
gSorrycc..you saved me. I honestly thought I was going to dieh
gWhat are you saying. Isnft Shidou the one that saved us. We have already received
the debt to repay back for something like thish
After Tohka said that, everyone in the surroundings nodded.
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
236 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gEveryoneccch
And when Shidou looked at everyone faces, Yoshino and the Yamai sisters suddenly
distorted their faces.
gAhcc..!h
gKuh, what is with this guy, it suddenly gotten more energetich
gResent. I wish it would read the atmosphereh
It seems the custom type <Bandersnatch> combined with the artificial satellite
increased the thrusters output. The artificial satellite that was being held back
gradually got closer to the ground once again.
When Miku saw that, she spread out both her hands and then crossed both of it In
front of her body like that.
gI willcccnot let that happen!h
After Miku made tracks with her hands, a light keyboard appeared on the spot. Next
off behind Miku, a big piano organ-like shape angel was manifested.
g<Gabriel>-----[March]!h
At the same time when she shouted, Mikufs thin fingers started dancing fluently on
top of the light keyboard. When she did that, a gallant tone echoed throughout-------
the wind and ice holding back the artificial satellite got even stronger.
gAmazingcccc.desuh
gKuku, this song is the best like I thought. My blood is boiling and body is
dancingc..!h
gWith all might. Nice assisth
Yoshino and the Yamai sisters bounced their voices. The song controlling Angel
<Gabriel> Miku holds. Just by changing the song tone it is performing, it is possible
to grant several types of results to the target.
Hearing that song, the people that hears the brave [March] will have their heart and
body invigorated and made them able to use their powers, stronger than usual.
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
237 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Feeling power flowing into his body too, Shidou clenched his fist.
gOkaycccif itfs like this! Tohka, help me! We are going to destroy that big thing!
We can do it if it is the both of us!h
Yes. Right now and right here, Shidou and Tohka, there are 2 <Sandalphon> existing
here. If they attacked at the same time then, there is no mistake they can break the
enemyfs territory.
However, Tohka swung her head with a difficult face.
gNo, we canfth
gCanftccc..? Wh-why canft we?h
gMucccc.I donft get it but, Kotori said we canft. It seems this thing has an
explosion art thingy attached to it so, it would activate once it is destroyed. Thatfs
why, we have to break it higher up in the skyh
g-----uh, i- I seec..!h
What she said was true. Thanks to Yoshino, Kaguya and Yuzuru, they managed to
kill off the falling speed but, this artificial satellite still has the ability of a pure
bomb. If it explodes this close to the ground then, the shelter right below won't stand
a chance.
gTh-then what should we----g
Shidou then mumbled that painfully, and the Yamai sisters echoed their voice from
the sky.
gKuku, the reason is very simple. If we canft destroy it here then, we should just
push it back to the skyh
gConsent. That is the only wayh
gWhaccccan you do that!?h
When Shidou asked that, Kaguya and Yuzuru looked at each other before, *nii*
making a smile.
gKu-Kukucccc.who do you think we are. We are the child of the hurricanes
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
238 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
which mows down everything, the Yamaifsh
gUndertaking. Leave it to Yuzuru and Kaguya. We will throw away this small
luggageh
After saying it with confidence, the both of them nodded.
But, there was faint droplets of sweat oozing down their cheeks, and he could see
that they are only putting up a brave act. Thatfs only normal. The artificial satellite
can be easily estimated to be a few tons. Whatfs more, it was currently having the
thrusters propelling downwards. It might still be okay if they use full power but,
Kaguya and Yuzuru were still currently in a state where their Reiryoku is being
sealed by Shidou. There was no way they could carry it that easily.
However, the Yamai sisters did not make even a simple complain and after making a
small nod, both of them spread out both their hands.
gFuunccc.okay, letfs do this Yuzuruh
gReply. Whenever you areh
At the same time when both of them said that, the wind swirling nearby turned
stronger by one layer. The surroundings signboard, road signs, traffic lights and
other various things got dragged in while turning it into a giant tornado.
gUu, ooo, ryahhhhhhhh!h
gWith all might. Teiiyaa----g
Both of them then raised both their hands upwards and the artificial satellite bit by
bit, but was certainly going up.
gO-oohccc.!h
This might work with this. Shidou felt his fist naturally clenching harder.
But, at that moment. When he thought a small missile-like object flew towards the
Yamai sisters from the sky, it then landed on both of their backs and an explosion
occurred.
gccc..agah!h
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
239 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gAnguish. Uguhhh
At the same time with the Yamai sisters echoing an anguish sound from the sky, the
wind weaken down and the artificial satellite that was heading upwards once again
dropped down on the wall of ice.
gKaguya! Yuzuru!h
After Shidou called out to both of their names, the thick smoke shrouding them was
blown off by the wind and the Yamai sisters with a little sooty appearance compared
to just now appeared. It seems, even if it is a limited state, since they manifested their
Astraldress and was covered with wind in the surroundings, they both end up safe.
gGuhcccWho is it! To hinder us like thiscc..!h
gInelegant. How annoyingh
The Yamai sisters glared up at the sky.
Shidou raised his eyes to chase both of their sights and-----gasped.
gWhaccc.., thatfscccc!h
Across the sky, countless <Bandersnatch>fs were heading towards Shidou and the
girls direction. They does not know the exact number but, it is under around 50 units
at the very least by estimation. Each one of them had CR-units equipped in their
hands and legs making them prepared for battle.
Thinking back, there was a DEM airship in the sky now. Most likely this
<Bandersnatch> team was sent from there.------in order to eliminate Shidou and the
girls who were preventing the artificial satellite from crashing.
After the group of <Bandersnatch> was deployed to up, down, left, right directions
in the sky, they launched an attack at the Yamai sisters who were making the
artificial satellite rise up, Yoshino who was preventing it from falling, Miku who
was amplifying everyonefs power with her performance and Shidou and Tohka who
were waiting to make a decisive hit to blow up the artificial satellite.
gKuh-------Be careful, everyone!h
At the same time with Shidoufs shout, the <Bandersnatch> group that spread out in
the sky shot micro missiles at the same time.
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
240 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
But, since everyone was just barely holding back the falling artificial satellite, they
were unable to cope with that. Yoshino with cold air, the Yamai with the wind and
Miku with the sound made walls respectively and tried blocking but, they could not
completely kill off the impact. One of the explosions induced the surrounding
missiles to explode causing it to shake the surrounding atmosphere together with the
flames of the explosion.
gKyaacccc.!h
gGuee!h
gDull pain. Ukyuuccc.h
gWai-wait! What is thiss!h
Everyonefs screams could be heard nearby and the wall of wind and ice stopping the
falling artificial satellite started to creak.
gEveryone!h
gNucc.! Damn you!h
Being the only one who mowed down every missiles heading towards her, Tohka
*kii* sharpen her sights before contracting her legs tightly and kicking the ground.
She then advances in the sky in one straight line and one after another, she cut off
the <Bandersnatch>fs that attacked Yoshino and the rest.
gNow, Kaguya, Yuzuru! The artificial satellite------Uguh!h
However, the number of the enemies was too many for one person to handle. From
the enemy that was approaching in four sides, she was immediately pushed with the
launched micro missiles and laser guns as if they were trying to weave that distance.
gGuhccc!h
gTohka! Kuhc..h
While shouting-----Shidou leaped backwards. The reason was simple. Thatfs
because a <Bandersnatch> came attacking up by swinging its laser blade.
gWhy youccc..!h
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
241 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
After Shidou inserted strength into his hand which was holding the grip, he then
swung <Sandalphon> sideways. The upper half and lower half of the
<Bandersnatch> in front of him were separated beautifully and sparks were
scattering about from the severed surface.
However, the true horror of the <Bandersnatch> was its numbers and combinations.
It would not care if its allies are down and the dolls, fearless of death would keep on
attacking.
gKuh------g
Shidou continued avoiding the attacks, handling it, and counter back when there is a
chance but------his limit immediately arrived.
Of course, there was no way the <Bandersnatch> would not give mercy and pity to
him. The expressionless grim reapers did not let this good chance go and headed
towards Shidou.
g! Shidou!h
gDarlingccc.!?h
Tohka and the girls noticed that and raised their voices but, they were currently
surrounded by countless <Bandersnatch>fs too. Even if they want to run towards
Shidoufs side, they were currently in a situation where they canft move.
The <Bandersnatch> stood in front of Shidou and swing up the laser blade.
gDamn itcc!h
gShidou!h
Inside the echoes of Tohkafs voice------the <Bandersnatch> swung its sword down
accurately at Shidoufs eyes.
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
242 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
243 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 6
gIke!h
In the suite room of the imperial hotel located at east Tenbuu, Westcott looked
behind at the voice that suddenly called out to him.
Nonetheless, behind Westcott was not the roomfs entrance but instead there was a
giant window showing the Tenguu cityfs townscape. Thinking normally, there
should not be a voice calling out.
But, he immediately knew the situation the moment he looked behind. Wearing a
CR-unit and floating in the sky, Ellen was calling to Westcott through the glass she
gouged a rectangle out from. Most likely, she hated the labor of entering through
the lobby and flew directly to the room.
gHey, Ellen. Itfs a wonderful entrance but, itfs a little violent thoughh
When Westcott said that while looking at the beautiful surface of the cut glass, Ellen
entered the room through the glass hole she opened.
gNow isnft the time for jokes. Please run away immediately. The rebels in the
previous boardfs meeting are planning to kill you by crashing an artificial satelliteh
gAah, I heard. There was a contact to me too just nowh
Westcott raised the side of his lips before giggling.
gI never would have thought Murdoch would have this much execution power and
courage. Itfs an interesting method to use the artificial satellite that was planned for
disposal instead of sending an assassin. Iya iya, I might have underestimated him.
What a wonderful personal. I have to praise him if I head back to Great Britainh
gccccIkeh
Ellen said that as if she was unsatisfied with Westcottfs happy manner.
gAnyway, it is dangerous to stay here. I will maintain my Territory while flying as
far as possible. Please gather everything you needh
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
244 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gItfs going to be alright here. What, it wonft become a big dealh
gcccccc., itfs true that if you are with me then, it is possible to restrain the
damages with the Territory. But, this is just in caseh
gNo, before even that, I predict that Murdochfs plan is going to failh
When Westcott said that, Ellen raised her eyebrows in suspicion.
gWhat do you meanh
g----here in the Tenguu city, there is Itsuka Shidoufs house and it is the foundation of
the Spirits daily life. Also, there is no mistake that the <Ratatoskr> airship is here. If
they are the one then, they would probably do something about it. Thatfs because----
--that is the organization that Elliot createdh
gcccc..h
The moment the name Elliot was brought up, he found out that Ellenfs face distorted
in unpleasantness.
gI canft believe this. Are you stopping here just because of that reason?h
gAah. I canft?h
gObviously. Donft you understand of importance of yourself?h
gFumucccc.h
gIkeh
Ellen said that in a threatening tone. Westcott made a small sigh before slightly
raising both his hands.
gI understand. Letfs do this then. Itfs true there is a one in a thousand chance.
Murdoch is meticulous. It is thinkable enough for him to have 2 or 3 methods.
Thatfs why------g
Towards the direction Ellen was facing towards to----Westcott faced back to the
center of the room.
Over there, there was one girl standing there without saying any words from just
now.
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
245 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gLetfs dispatch herh
gcccccc., her you sayh
gAah. Donft you think itfs a perfect chance to test run <Modred>h
After Westcott said that, he then narrowed his eyes while asking the girl.
g-----I want you to show your power. How about it?h
gcccccch
The girl didnft say anything as expected and only nodded.
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
246 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
247 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 7
gccc, cc, c..ch
Natsumi somehow managed to kill off her rough breathing.
*Dokun**Dokun*. Her heart was beating unwantedly fast from just now. Like a
titanfs footstep, Natsumifs insides to her eardrums were shaking.
It was unnecessary to think for the reason. It was Shidou, and his comrades.
It was good until half-way. It seems Tohka and the girls had already evacuated and
Shidou who has been contacted by Kotori, honestly headed to the shelter. Everything
was going as what Natsumi had planned.
But, just when she thought Shidou noticed about something and ran out to the city,
he started trying to stop the giant artificial satellite.
---And now, a life-threatening predicament was approaching Shidou.
Around the time they were pushing back the artificial satellite to the sky when his
comrades came running, countless machine dolls called <Bandersnatch> appeared
and started attacking Shidou and the rest.
A <Bandersnatch> raised its sword up at Shidou who was kneeling down. After an
instant, once that blade concentrated with Maryoku was swung down, Shidoufs body
would probably get slice easily. Natsumi recalled back the pain when she got cut by
Ellen on her stomach and shivered in reflex.
gA-ahccch
Shidou will definitely die if this goes on. When she thought of that, rather than
recalling the wound she got from Ellen, Natsumi felt a vigorous pain in her chest.
Itfs alright, itfs alright, and she kept repeating that in her heart as if to make herself
hear it. It will be okay anyway. Even if Natsumi doesnft goes out, Shidou will not
die.
Currently, things somehow managed when Shidou got attacked by Ellen in his
house, and even though Shidou was about to be crushed by the artificial satellite,
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
248 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Tohka and the rest saved him. Shidou has many trustworthy comrades. It was not a
scene where someone like Natsumi should come out after such a long time.
gccccccitfs alrightcc..someone will save him anyway rightcc..? Hurry
up alreadyccch
While saying that with a soft voice, she waited for someone to save Shidou.
But because Tohka, Yoshino, the Yamai sisters and Miku were being stopped by
<Bandersnatch>, they were unable to run over to him. Adding on, speaking of which
she realized that they said Kotori and the rest were in a middle of a fight in the skies,
from just now.
gHurry upccccsomeoneccsomeoneccch
Although Natsumi distorted her face at her painfully pulsating heart while saying
that-------no one appeared. The <Bandersnatch> swung down its sword at Shidou.
gSomeonecccsomeonecccc!h
At that moment, Natsumi finally realized, that there was not a single [someone]
existing in this spot.
gWhaccc..!?h
Shidou opened his eyes in shock.
In front of Shidou who was unable to move, the <Bandersnatch> swung its blade
down and in the instant of the given up life-threatening predicament------
Something in Shidoufs pocket wriggled around.
He thought it was his cell-phone was reaching a call for a moment. But-----it was
wrong. The chupa chups Shidou picked up in the underground jumped out from his
pocket vigorously and protected Shidou from the <Bandersnatch> attack with its
small body.
gHehccccc? A ca-candyccc.?h
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
249 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
He opened his mouth wide blankly at the unexpected event.
Thatfs only normal. A sphere small enough to be fit inside the palm of Shidoufs
hands was floating in front of him and was defending the laser blade attack while
scattering maryoku light. Getting surprised was probably what this meant.
After the chupa chups flick away the laser blade, it destroyed the <Bandersnatch>
head like that before starting to give out a pale glow. That small silhouette then
gradually grows bigger.
After a few seconds, a petite girl wearing a witch-like astral dress was there.
gWha----Natsumi!?h
Shidou shouted unintentionally. Yes, that was the Spirit girl Shidou was running in
the city looking for.
Itfs true that if she was left on the surface then, she would probably be in a position
observing Shidoufs movementscc.he thought of something like that but, he never
would have thought she was hiding this nearby him.
gNatsumi, you------g
When Shidou said that, Natsumi remained still, not matching her sights with him and
slightly opened her mouth.
gccc.ry, uph
gEh?h
gccc..hurry up. You are going to break that big thing righth
After saying that, she used the visor of the hat to hide her face while facing her back
at Shidou.
But, that was enough for Shidou. Of course, there was the case about the increase of
trustworthy comrades in this predicament. But more than that, no matter what reason
it may be for Natsumi who did not open her hearts to Shidou and the group, he was
very happy for her to say she wanted to help.
gcccccou!h
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
250 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Shidou made a strong nod, and put in strength to the hand holding <Sandalphon>.
But------
gKyaaaa!h
At that moment, when he thought he heard Mikufs scream coming from behind, the
brave march song flowing nearby was suddenly cut.
It seems, she was unable to continue performing due to the <Bandersnatch>fs attack.
Miku jumped behind and started attacking the group of <Bandersnatch> with her
[Voice].
At the same time with the performance being cut off and her doing that, cracks
entered in the ice wall that was barely holding back the artificial satellite and it
started collapsing. And at exact timing with that, the wind swirling around also lost
its energy.
gWhaccccc!?h
The Yamai sisters and Yoshinofs Reiryoku which was increased because of Mikufs
performance was probably unable to circulate into preserving the wall. With its
shackle lost, the artificial satellite once again accelerated and started falling towards
the ground.
gShidou!h
At that moment, after shaking off the <Bandersnatch> in the sky, Tohka descended
towards Shidou and Natsumifs side.
gAre you okay, Shidou!h
gA-aahcccI am okay. More importantly----g
When Shidou looked up at the falling artificial satellite, Tohka nodded in horror.
gUmucccbut, what should we do!? If we destroy it here then, a giant explosion
will occur here right!?h
gcccc.fuunh
After Tohka said that in panic, Natsumi snorted.
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
251 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gcccccanyway, just break that thing already. Donft you two have that amazing
swordh
gNo, that thing has something called explosion arts on it------g
gFuunh
Just when Shidou said that, Natsumi snorted unhappily again.
She then thrust her hand forward and shouted.
g-----<Haniel>!h
When she did that, a broom-like Angel appeared in her hand and when he thought
the tip of it opened up, a blinding light wrapped the surroundings.
gUwahcccc!?h
gNu!h
Shidou and Tohka covered their eyes reflexively in an instant.
Next, the moment they opened their eyes.
gWhacccc.h
Shidou looked up at the sky, and opened his eyes in surprise, contrastively different
from just now.
That was only normal. Thatfs because, the artificial satellite that has reached until a
few hundred meters off the ground was transformed into a giant fat round Mr. Pig
mascot.
It was unmistakably <Haniel>fs transformation ability. Shidou immediately looked
at Natsumi.
In mid-October. He recalled back the time he first met Natsumi. During that time,
Natsumi changed the appearance of the AST members into mascots and the
approaching missiles into carrots just like right now.
And even when those carrot missiles landed on the floor, only comical-like
explosion from mangas occurred.
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
252 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Of course, it would turn out the same way since the difference between its original
power and size is too different but, maybe with this------!
gCome on, hurry upccc..!h
Natsumi said that irritated. There was still a giant pig approaching Tenguu city. The
ability of it being a bomb has dropped drastically but, if something that size falls
down then, a tremendous impact will probably occur.
But, it does not change the fact that it became possible to destroy the target in the
spot with this. After Shidou express his thanks to Natsumi, he brought his sights
towards Tohka.
gLetfs do this, Tohka!h
gUmu! Ready when you are!h
After Shidou and Tohka nodded at each other, both of them prepared <Sandalphon>
at the target at the same time.
Originally, this angel was the only one in existence. It was [A miracle that holds a
shape] that definitely has nothing that can oppose it.
With that miracle, Shidou and Tohka swung it down at the same time.
gUoooooooooooooou!h
gHaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!h
The shining sword strike released by Shidou and Tohka, made a cross in the sky and
exploded at the target.
However, maybe since it still has its <Bandersnatch> ability even though it has its
shape changed, it put up a territory to defend against the attack made from both of
them.
gGuhccc.!h
It was still an angel attack. There was no way the <Bandersnatch> territory would
defend against it easily. But, not only is Tohka also quite exhausted from fighting
the <Bandersnatch>s; being not the true user of the angel-----Shidoufs body was
reaching its limit because of frequent force usage. The strike barely broke through
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
253 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
the territory and was approaching the giant pig as if it was leaning forward to it.
gKuh------!h
A little more. It was seriously a little bit more. However, he could not fill in that
little bit no matter what he does.
Whether itfs Yoshino or Kaguya or Yuzuru or Miku. If one of them could provide
assistance then it could probably be destroyed but-------Yoshino and the others were
still being blocked by the <Bandersnatch> and could not move.
gIf, this, goes on------g
Shidou made an anguished expression and was about to fall on his knees.
g<Haniel>!h
Natsumi raised the angel she was holding in her right hand and shouted once more.
It canft be because she saw Shidou and Tohka unable to destroy this Mr. Pig that she
planned to transform it into something else. No------ she would do that in the
beginning if that was possible. Then what is sheccc.
When Shidou thought about that, Natsumi then continued raising her voice.
g------[Kaleidoscope]h
In an instant.
A change appeared on the broom Angel that Natsumi was hanging out.
The broomfs whole body was covered with a mysterious color like a polished
mirror and the broom itself transformed its silhouette like clay. Moments later.
gHuhccc.!?h
Shidou opened his eyes wide in surprise when he saw that in Natsumifs hand.
It was a [sword].
It has a blade with the width just around Natsumifs body. It has a glowing gold guard
and black grip. Yes-----
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
254 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
---The Angel <Sandalphon> manifested there.
gWhat are you doing to Shidoucccc! The only one that can mess with him is---
-------only meeeeeeeeeeeeee!h
After Natsumi shouted, she then swung as hard as possible at the Mr. Pig with
<Sandalphon>.
g<Sandalphon>cccc.!h
When she did that, the blade was overflowing with light and Natsumi performed a
sword strike at the target as if she was following swordsmanship.
It was not only the shape. Although it is inferior to Tohkafs, it unmistakably has the
same powers as the real <Sandalphon>.
Shidou, Tohka and also----Natsumi.
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
255 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
256 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
The <Sandalphon> sword strike from 3 of them, bathed the targetfs territory.
The invisible wall put up around the Mr. Pig, made sounds as if it was cracking-----
and gradually get smashed up.
Once it loses its Territory, there will be nothing left to protect the mascot which
only has its giant size. Thanks to the remains of the sword strike that broke through
the territory, Mr. Pig made a comical sound like the ones from Mangas and burst----
--countless chupa chups then poured down nearby like rain.
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
257 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
258 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 8
gShidouccc.san!h
gKuku, you did ith
gConsent. Magnificenth
gAah, darling was so cool--h
After succeeding in destroying the artificial satellite. Having defeating all the
<Bandersnatch>, Yoshino, Kaguya, Yuzuru and Miku went over to Shidou and the
others side. It seems everyone got light injuries but, they seem to be alright.
After Shidou took a sigh of relief about that fact for now, he then deeply lowered his
heads towards everyone.
gEveryonecccc..thank you. If it was only mecccc..I could not have saved
everyone from the city. Really, thank you all very muchh
When Shidou said that, the girls lined up there swung their heads uniformly.
gI told you already Shidou. All of us wanted to help youh
gI also, likecccc..this city soh
gUfufu, thatfs about it. Well, just let us help this muchh
gFuuccc..well, it was thanks to you in the first place or else we wonft be here
nowh
gAgree. Even this much isnft enough to repay you backh
gThatfs right you know. Rather, I would be so happy until the level of writing a new
song, just by being relied on by darlingh
After saying that, everyone *nii* smiled. Shidou scratched his cheeks while making
a wry smile and-----said [Thank you] once more.
But, inside there, there was only one person not saying anything and was about to
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
259 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
leave the place.-----itfs Natsumi.
gNatsumi!h
gcccccc..!h
When Shidou called her, Natsumi made a big twitch with her shoulders and stopped
on the spot.
She then slowly looked over to Shidou and the girls, and *fuun* snorted in a
manner as if she was a little afraid.
gccc.wha-what is it. Are you saying I should come out faster rather than that
moment? Or maybe, are you saying itfs disgusting for me to transform as a candy
and hide in your pocketccc.?h
Again in a negative manner, she said that. After Shidou made a wry smile at that
unchanging manner, he *fuu* made a sigh.
g------Glad youfre safeh
gEhccch
When Shidou said that, Natsumi opened her eyes wide and stood still on the spot.
gWh-whatcc.are you saying. Icccc..hide as I pleasedcccc..and still cause
trouble to youccc.h
While saying that with difficulty, Natsumifs body started to tremble a little.
gBefore even thatcccI did a lot of bad things to you allcc..but even so, why,
whycccc.h
Gradually, her voice started to have sobs mixed into it. Large drops of tears started
to fall from her emerald eyes and her voice gradually got louder.
gWhatcccjust what is with you all, every one of youccc! Arenft you all
stupid, arenft you all stupidcc.!? I donft get itc..! Why, why would you all
goccc..!h
The last part of the sentence was no longer words anymore. Road of tears formed
on her cheeks and she started to cry loudly.
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
260 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gU-uecccc,ku, uaa,aaaaaaaaaaaaa, uaaaaaaah-----g
gO-oi, Natsumiccch
Shidou did not think she would cry. Not knowing what to do, he moved his hands
hastily to try to calm her down. Maybe they realized the weird situation, Tohka and
the girls started to try and stop Natsumi from crying too.
But, Natsumi did not stop crying and---------continued, echoing her tear filled voice.
gSoccc.sorryccc..I did so many bad thingsccccc..cause trouble for
everyonecccsorryccccceven though everyone was nice to mecccc..I
am sorry for saying only bad thingscccc..h
Even though she was making hiccups, Natsumi did not stop her words. She
continued on as if to release all of the pent up emotions she accumulated in her heart
until now in one go.
gWhen you all gave me a massagecccI was happyccc.when you all cut my
hairccccI was happyccc., when you all chose clothes for mecc.I was
happyccc.., when you all put make-up on meccccI was happycccuh,
when everyone told me I was cuteccccI was happyccc..!h
She then slurp up the running mucus from her noise-----
gEvencc..when I was that happycccc.I did not say it at that timecccc
sorrycccc.h
Natsumi looked at Shidoufs eyes with bloodshot eyes.
gccc.Thankccccyouh
After Shidou opened his eyes wide, he looked at Tohka and the others faces. Tohka
and the rest also made the same faces.
But, they immediately relaxed their mouth and faced Natsumi.
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
261 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gDonft worry about it. We are thankful too. Without you, I have no idea what would
happen to everyone by nowh
gccc.also, you donft have to bother about it. I was the one that got taken care off
anywayh
gI seeh
After Shidou said that, he made a soft sigh before putting out his right hand to
Natsumi.
gErrrccc.well, about that. I promised you that you can go anywhere you like
once everything is over so, even though I canft stop you anymore, if it is okay with
youccc.h
After saying that, Shidou this time stared at Natsumifs eyes.
g-----Can weccc..become friends?h
gccccc..uhh
Natsumi gasped in shock and looked at Shidou, Tohka and the others in turns.
After that, slowly-----in a timid manner, Natsumi grabbed Shidoufs hand before,
nodding.
gUcccuccc.ucccuaaaaaaaaaaaaa, uaaaaaaaaaaaaaah
Once again, large drops of tears flowed down her eyes and she started to cry.
gAaah--, oh darling, you made Natsumi-chan cry again--h
gHu-huuh!?h
Miku said that while teasing him. Shidou twitched his shoulders.
gI canft leave Natsumi-chan to someone like that. So with that, Natsumi-chan lets
become friends too?g
gMu! Shidou, donft bully Natsumi. Letfs be friends too!h
gA-ah-nocc..errcc..m-me toocc.h
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
262 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gYoshinon too---! Yoshinon too---!h
gKuku, it's dangerous to leave your body to Shidou. Alright, Natsumi. I specially
allow you to be my kinsmanh
gConsent. Who knows what kind of perverted plays Shidou would force onto you.
Yuzuru and the others will protect you properly.
And, continuing right after Miku, everyone started to gather around Natsumi too.
Shidou could not stand it anymore and raised his voice.
gO-oi, you girls! Donft say things that could make misunderstandings about me!h
After Shidou shouted, everyone started to laugh.
He then looked over to Natsumi-----and although there were still tears left on
Natsumifs cheeks, Shidou made an expression as if he saw something the first time.
Thatfs------a very cute smile.
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
263 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Epilogue: Friend Or EnemyDEM's
Wizard
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
264 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
265 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 1
---It has been around 30 minutes since they finished shooting down the artificial
satellite safely.
After having a battle with a DEM airship in the Tenguu city skies, Kotori contacted
them and although the enemy ship has ran away, she told that the <Fraxinus> only
received some damage.
But, it seems they temporarily canft use the teleporter so, Shidou and the girls were
walking to the foresaid underground facility before the residents that evacuated are
released outside.
Having received damage to his body because of using an angel, Shidou took some
rest until he recovered enough to walk. Well, Tohka who was still worried about
Shidou suggested [I will carry you!] to him and although there was no one to see
them, it was still embarrassing so he refused politely.
In the end, Natsumi------decided to go to <Ratatoskr> with Shidou and the rest.
Of course, her Reiryoku was still not sealed and she has not received the
explanation about it. It was easy to imagine Natsumi not liking the fact of losing her
transformation ability which she can use like itfs natural.
But-------if he took the time to explain to her, Natsumi would probably understand.
Shidou looked over to Natsumi who was walking beside him.
gcccccch
gWha-whatccc.?h
Natsumi said that in bewilderment. But in that expression, he could not see the harsh
look that he saw before last time. Shidou made a smile while swinging his head.
gNo, nothingh
gcccc.ah, I seeh
After Natsumi said that absentmindedly, she *pui* averted her sights.
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
266 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
But, after a while. This time from Natsumi, she talked to Shidou using a voice soft
enough to avoid Tohka and the girls in front of them from hearing her.
gcccAhno, errh
gHnn, whatfs wrong Natsumih
gI justcccccwant to ask a little something, can I?h
gAah, what is it?h
When Shidou replied, Natsumi silently pulled Shidoufs sleeves.
gWai-wait a second, what happened all of a suddenh
gItfs okay, come here a bith
After Natsumi pulled Shidou, she then pulled him and entered a corner. She then
looked at Shidoufs face while asking with a meek expression.
gccccc.hey, Shidouh
gWha-what?h
After Shidou got nervous at the strange situation, Natsumi gulped down her saliva
while continuing on.
gAm Icccc.really, cute?h
gEh?h
Shidou opened his eyes wide at the unexpected question.
But, thinking back carefully, it was almost the same question she asked during the
first time Shidou met Natsumi. Well of course, Natsumi was in an adult onee-san
appearance at that time.
Shidou immediately smiled broadly and made a big nod.
gAahccc.of course. ----youfre cute, Natsumih
gcccccc.!h
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
267 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Natsumifs face turned red and she opened her eyes wide before, mumbling
something and continuing the rest.
gccccnext timeh
gNext time?h
gAhnocccc.make-upcccc.will you teach meccc?h
Natsumi casted her face downwards in embarrassment while saying awkwardly.
Shidou also made an exaggerated nod.
gAah, okay. If itfs you, youfll probably remember it immediatelyh
gcccI seeh
When Shidou answered her, Natsumi made a small nod as if she was satisfied with
something.
And then-----
gEh?h
Shidou let out a hysteric voice. But that was only something normal. Thatfs because,
Natsumi suddenly extended out her hand and pulled Shidoufs neck just like that and--
---
*Chuu* their lips touched each other.
gcccc!? cccc..!?h
Itfs true that, he was going to explain the situation to Natsumi sooner or later and tell
her that they have to kiss to seal her Reiryoku. But, since it was too sudden, he could
not make any preparations in his heart. His eyes were about to dart out.
In an instant, a warm feeling flowing into his body was born and----at the same time
with that, the witch astral dress Natsumi was wearing disappear together with the
light.
gWahccc.!? Wha-what is thisccc.h
Natsumifs face was covered with bewilderment and she covered her chest with her
arms while crouching down on the spot.
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
268 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gI-I didnft know this. The Astral dress would disappear after the Reiryoku is
sealedcc.h
Natsumifs face was beet red while she mumbled that. Shidou hastily moved his
hands while opening his mouth in panic.
gA-aah, it seems the astral dress is something made out of Reiryoku socccwait,
Natsumi? Why do you know about sealing the Reiryoku-----g
gAaah!h
Around the time Shidou was saying that, he could hear Tohkafs voice coming from
behind. It seems they retraced their steps, since they could not see Shidou and
Natsumi walking behind them. Of course Tohka wasnft the only one, Yoshino, the
Yamai sisters and Miku were also there.
gShidou! What are you doing in a place like this!h
gccccc! A-ahnoc..I, am not looking socccc.h
gKuku, to perform the seal in the middle of the city like this, what an admirable
fetishh
gConsent. Your greed to use the unusual space of an empty city for your play is as
one would expecth
gKyaaa--! Darling is so daring!h
Etc etc, they started making a commotion.
gWai-wait a second! I wasnft the one-----g
Although Shidou tried to make an excuse, Tohka and the girls did not have the ears
to hear.
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
269 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
270 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 2
gWe failedcccyou say!?h
Inside the meeting room of the DEM industry British HQ, Murdoch raised a voice
like a scream at the news that he just received.
At the same time, the faces of every board directors lined up there turned pale.
But that was normal. ------Isaac Westcottfs assassination was a failure. This would
mean that, the hostility and malice directed to him will be repaid accordingly-----no,
several times more than what was dealt to their bodies.
gWha-what do you mean by this, Murdoch! I joined in this plan because y-you said
this is for certain!?h
gThatfs right! What are you going to do about this!?h
gI-I donft know about this! This is all Murdochfs rampage!h
The males in their primes all raised shouts pathetically while slamming the table. It
was a very funny state but, the current Murdoch doesn't have pleasure to laugh at
that.
The mastermind of this plan was Murdoch. That is a fact that cannot be overturned.
If this enters Westcottfs ears then, it would expose Westcottfs malice towards
Murdoch-----no, to everyone related to him.
gccccc.h
But, itfs not like everything is over. Murdoch pulled the mike placed on the table and
let out his voice towards the bridge of the giant airship <Heptameron> that was
dispatched to Tenguu city.
gNot yetccc.things are not done yet. Captain, is <Heptameron> safe!?h
gYesccc.! We had a battle with <Ratatoskr>fs ship but, our ship only
suffered less than 10% of damageh
gThen------The last <Humpty Dumpty> is still there right!?h
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
271 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
The board directors lined up in the room twitched their eyebrows at Murdochfs
words.
Yes. For this operation, the cautious Murdoch prepared 3 <Humpty dumpty>.
First was a bait to bring out <Ratatoskr> airship out, the [First Egg].
The other one is the real one that is going to accurately stop Westcottfs life, the
[Second Egg].
And-----the last one.
By any chance the first two <Humpty dumpty> ended with misfires, the last unit------
[Third Egg] was prepared but it was equipped onto the <Heptameron>. Of course,
unless it is equipped onto the artificial satellite, it will not fall down from the
satellite orbit. The power compared to the [First] and [Second] is very far apart.
But even so, if it is able to accurately explode right on top of Westcott then, the
shelter should get blown to bits together with him using only the explosion arts
installed on it.
gWhere is Westcott MDfs current position!?h
gRight nowccc.., uh, it seems he is still inside his hotel roomh
gWhat did you sayccc.!?h
Murdoch distorted his face-------are you saying youfre not going to run to the
underground shelter in this situation.
An extraordinary amount of frustration ran through his body. Murdoch felt that that
man was making a scornful laugh at the plan, he poured in his soul and blood for.
But, it doesnft change the fact that this was favorable. If he did not evacuate to the
shelter then it would mean that it is possible for the power of the [Third Egg] to be
more than enough to take him down. Murdoch made an order towards the mike.
g-----Do it. I donft care how much of the city you destroy. Get Westcottfs head!h
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
272 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
273 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Part 3
gcccccccc..!?h
Having lent his jacket to Natsumi who was half-naked because of the seal and once
again headed towards the underground facility, Shidou suddenly pressed his ears
and raised his eyebrows.
The reason is simple. A very loud alarm rang and echoed from the Incam he was
wearing on his ear.
gWha-whatfs wrong, Kotorih
When Shidou asked, he could hear Kotorifs panicked voice coming from the Incam
immeadiately.
gMaryoku readings are being picked up in the skyccc.! This is-------an
explosion art reading coming from the airship that ran away just nowcc..!?h
gWhat did you saycccc.!?h
Shidou gasped and looked up the sky.
gMucccc? Whatfs happened, Shidouh
Maybe they felt something strange at that weird state, Tohka and the girls tilted their
head. Shidou opened his mouth without releasing his sights from the sky.
gAahccccit seems, itfs still not over yet. She said there is another bomb like the
one from just now is going to fall againh
gWhaccccc!h
When Shidou said that, everyonefs face was filled with nervousness all at once. And
just like Shidou, they looked up to the sky to once again shoot down the incarnation
of hostility that was falling down.
But Natsumi, who just had her Main Transformation Reiryoku Sealed, and with
everyone else having used up all their powers, Intercepting the falling target like
just now is going to be hard with the current condition at the very least.
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
274 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Howevercc he has to do it. Shidou calmed his heart down like just now and
concentrate his mentality onto his right hand.
But-------before he could manifest <Sandalphon>, a tremendous pain ran through
his whole body and he fell onto his knees on the spot by reflex.
gGuahccc.h
gShidouh
Tohka ran over to him, worried. But, there was no way the enemy would consider
carefully Shidoufs condition. Another alarm could be heard again from the Incam
immediately.
gCommander! An explosion arts equipped type <Bandersnatch> was thrown off
from the airship!h
gWhat about an intercept from <Fraxinus>!?h
gIt is impossible in the current position!h
gKuh-----Maximum speed! No matter what, before it falls to the ground we have
to-----g
And.
In the middle of Kotorifs command reaching Shidoufs eardrums.
In an instant, he saw a line of light in the sky before a huge explosion occurred in
the skies of Tenguu city-----the surrounding atmosphere trembled.
gWhacc..!?h
After Shidou and the Spirits opened their eyes wide, he could hear the crewfs voice
from the Incam.
gThe readings-----disappeared!h
gWhat did you say? Did it self-destruct?h
gI-I donft know, but before the explosion, there is heat source-----g
Heat source. That word caused Shidou to recall back the line of light that he saw just
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
275 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
now. Impossible, did someone just sniped the thrown off bomb.
Itfs true that he can comprehend it, if he thought like that. But, something like
making the same type of bomb that took Shidou and the others to join their powers
to explode with just one hit is------
gcccc!h
At that moment, Shidou moved his sights left and right.
Towards the line of light he got attracted to before the explosion occurred. Towards
the direction of that origin, he saw a small shadow there.
gThatfs------g
That shadow slowly looked over to Shidou and the girls before stopping in the sky.
It was a wizard wearing a CR-unit. It was something not from AST. She was wearing
a wiring suit with the same design as Ellenfs, thrusters with a special shape, and
also, the Giant Maryoku Cannon she was holding was very impressive.
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
276 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
277 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
gWha-------g
Looking at that appearance, Shidou opened his eyes in shock.
Itfs not like he was not surprised by the fact that a DEM wizard attacked a DEM
bomb. The power that took one hit to destroy the bomb deserved to be shocked
when it took several spirits to destroy it even though they were in sealed condition.
But-------the one that stole Shidoufs eyes was a much simple matter.
He was familiar with that Wizardfs face.
gOri-gamic..?h
When Shidou called that name, the Wizard------Origami silently send her sights
towards Shidou and the girls.
With her normal----no,
Even more than normal; with her eyes which he could not read any emotions from.
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
278 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Afterword
Long time no see, this is Tachibana Koushi.
I hereby present you [Date A Live 9 Natsumi search]. How did you like it. I would be
happy if you take a liking to it.
The front cover is of course Natsumi (Real). The onee-san version on Volume 8 was
wonderful but, the real version this time is also wonderful. I think the combination
of messy hair and an unhappy face is the best (This is an impression from someone,
and there are individual difference in the perception for it). Since I like characters
slanting towards negativity very much, I had fun writing this.
Speaking of the design cover, opposite to the emerald attached to the hat of Natsumi
(Adult), the hat for Natsumi (Real) also had that attached but, the unpolished ore was
quite interesting. Compared to Kotorifs frontispiece, I could not even come close to
use the jacket that way. Tsunako-san is seriously amazing to put in such a smart
design in the image we told her about.
But even so, its volume 9, volume 9 you know. It;s an unknown territory for me who
had Volume 8 finished since the debut work. Whatfs more, Date is planned to keep
on continuing so, the release of volume 10 is decided. Itfs a double digit unit. The
license for my light novel is limited to AT so, i was supposed to write until volume
9, I wonder if this is going to be okay. if I was correct, I heard that when I need to
continue over volume 10 unlicensed, I need to pay an offering of sweet candy to the
god of light novel (Blonde twin tsundere). If I were to write more that volume 10
without doing that, then the god of light novel (Blonde twin tsundere) would intrude
night after night and *Puku* while puffing her cheeks, she would poke the sides and
say [Hey whatfs the big idea for writing volume 10 without my permission!] Aah
like I thought, I think I should write volume 10 while remaining unlicensed.
Alright, it is about the comic version of [Date A Live] that has been announced
before but, starting from (26th November release) it has finally start its
serialization! In the first chapter, the cover page & character opening page &
increased pages is presented! Please enjoy the new [Date A Live] drawn by Inui
Sekihoko-san!
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
279 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Since the progress for the second season for the anime is doing well, please stay
tune for that! The design for that and this was amazing. Ehehehe.
This time too, it is thanks to Tsunako-san, supervisor-san, design-sans, and many
people related to distributing the publication that the book could be released. I am
really thankful.
The next [Date A Live 10], it is finally planned for that character to be on the front
page design. It is planned for the story to move a little so, i hope it is able to meet
expectations.
Well then, I pray for us to meet again in the next volume.
10 October 2013 Tachibana Koushi.
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
280 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations
Translation Notes and References
Chapter 6:
1. ª Referring to when children helps their parents in the household.
2. ª Kiss
3. ª Imagine power rangers
4. ª Refering to teenagers with a tone used to talk to children
Chapter 7:
1. ª Mana
Chapter 8:
1. ª Itfs something like putting an image in the entire homepage, basically a social
harassment in the internet
Chapter 10:
1. ª A kind of youkai that appears in the Japanese folklore and has two long horns
growing out from its head
Back to Volume 8 Return to Main Page Forward to Volume 10
Date A Live Volume 9 "Natsumi Change"
281 of 281 converted by Infinite Creations