Prologue - Ally of Justice
Tokisaki Kurumi was a kind-hearted young girl, and those who knew her praised her of being
so as well. Born to a wealthy family, she was a silver-spoon Ojou-sama that was raised
within the palms of doting parents. She had never been forced to contend with restrictions in
liberty or any sort of discontent in her childhood; and so, seventeen years of her life ticked
by just like that.
Neither hating nor hated by others, an exceedingly peaceful and steady life.
Within these halcyon days of pure bliss, it appeared that everyone regarded her lifestyle as
just that, and she seemed to believe so herself too.
However, to say that she was entirely free of chagrin would be absolutely false.
??A bleary sense of helplessness.
Perhaps it originated from the unhampered amount of freedom she inherited ever since
birth, or maybe it was simply due to her innate nature being such, but notions like these
frequently entrenched themselves in KurumiÅfs heart.
Catching a glimpse of the encompassing world, many people could be seen facing a
multitude of difficulties and hardships.
Some met their deaths as they were drawn into warfare, while others were already afflicted
with terminal diseases before they could even breathe their first breath. Few possessed
nothing but the rags on their backs, much less any morsels of food to fill their bellies ? there
were people treated with immensely jarring disparities. In this world, it was the cold-blooded
winds that unmercifully billowed against the emaciated limbs of the weak.
She observed through television, newspapers, magazines??and even with her very eyes.
As Kurumi bore witness to those sufferings, a bitter feeling of helplessness plagued her
heart.
Perhaps this was something that everyone underwent. Yet even though they were fully
aware of the inexorable lack of emotion in this world, people had succumbed to that reality,
disregarding the world's misfortune instead, which they themselves were incapable of
touching.
But KurumiÅfs heart, no matter how much time had elapsed, still preserved this matter.
Perhaps there is something I can do.
I want to lend a hand to those in need.
This innocent sense of righteousness was, on the bright side, pure and, on the other hand,
naive.
