






8
Date A Live Volume 15 - Mukuro Family
Chapter 6 - Battle of Cosmos
The distant realm, engulfed within the celestial light of countless stars,
threatened to immerse every speck of negligence. The otherworldly view
made one ponder if they had already been transported into their own
dreamlike fantasies. Sinking into the night, it was as if Heaven and Earth had
their positions reversed.
Yet, this description was not necessarily untrue. After all, Itsuka Shidou was
at an astronomical zenith higher than the skies, a place which held the planet
Earth under the viewerÅfs eyes: the vast cosmos.
Everyone knew about space. Everyone was aware of the void. However, not
many can say that they have trespassed on the domain of the gods.
Naturally, the diverse species on Earth could not survive here.
Not only did the absence of essential oxygen prevent biological processes
from occurring, but the cosmic rays, which were normally blocked by the
atmosphere, would cause detrimental effects on any living organisms. Unlike
a fantastical landscape, this was a desolate world devoid of any life.
Despite these unfavorable odds, Shidou, without the assistance of a
spacesuit or anything to preserve his lifeline, floated to the center of attention.
Although that may be so, it was a matter of course. Shidou did not enter the
cosmos for mere sightseeing or swimming. He was there to unlock the sealed
heart of the lonely girl who had fell into an eternal slumber within that barren,
empty space.
Åg??Mukuro.Åh
Shidou calmly called out that name.
Mukuro, Hoshimiya Mukuro. He whispered that miserable SpiritÅfs name. A
young girl, with flowing golden hair that was longer than her frame and a
fluttering constellation-themed dress that entwined with her slim stature,
gently drifted in front of Shidou. Emotion did not, or had ceased to, exist on
her innocent face. Her gorgeous pair of golden eyes still viewed everything in
the world without a hint of interest.
Åg??????Hm.Åh
9
Mukuro lightly exhaled a breath and spoke.
ÅgThou art pestilence at its core, and poor remembrance to add.Åh1
ÅgYeah, IÅfm a simpleton who doesn't give up and accept other peopleÅfs
intentions.Åh
Shidou raised the corners of his mouth as he declared, while Mukuro merely
sighed again. However, she could not find it in herself to harbor any disgust
towards him.
Of course, that did not imply that the opposite was true. To be precise,
Mukuro displayed absolutely no sort of emotion towards Shidou, be it malice
or kindness. This unexpressive act merely deferred to her innate sense
towards eliminating intruders in her territory. The abnormal mood stirred up
the word puppet within ShidouÅfs mind.
ÅgÅcÅcÅcÅcÅh
Nonetheless, that was understandable. Shidou shot a glance at the keyshaped
staff held in the palm of her hand. It was the angel <Michael>, which
possessed the ability to seal the functions of any object its tip stabbed into
with a single turn of its bow.
According to Mukuro, she had utilized that power on herself, locking the
window to her own heart. Exactly what personality resulted from that and how
it affected MukuroÅfs mind was unclear. Yet from that outcome, be it joy,
anger, sadness, or pleasure, Mukuro possessed none of those sentiments.
And yet she, who had forfeited everything to drift in that location far from
the surface, was interfered and unobserved by anyone, leading solely a
wandererÅfs purpose.
ThatÅfs why Shidou arrived once more after being rejected before.
ÅgBe it so, what bids thee to return, though the present thee flickers not?Åh
Mukuro tilted her head and questioned. It was most likely due to her
bored expression that the act of slanting her head seemed like a taunting
provocation.
1. Pestilence describes ShidouÅfs wish to, in a sense, conquer the Spirits. Of course, this wording may sound pejorative to the other Spirits; however,
from MukuroÅfs point of view, she has zero intimacy with Shidou; therefore, she regards him as a pest.
10
ÅgThatÅfs a given?I came to talk with you again, Mukuro.Åh
ÅgWhat nonsense. The past reiterates: being drawn to thy hypocrisy shall
confound Muku. Muku hath not sought salvation?Åh
ÅgThatÅfs wrong.Åh
Shidou interrupted MukuroÅfs words in a stern voice. He firmly stared into her
eyes and continued.
ÅgI didn't come to talk to the current you. I came to talk to the previous you, the
real Hoshimiya Mukuro whose heart isn't locked by <Michael>.Åh
ÅgÅcHuh?Åh
Mukuro gave a snort of disapproval without the slightest change of
expression.
ÅgFie. Dost thou disbelieve MukuÅfs selfhood? Muku hath time and again quoth
herself, yet thou hark not. With what standing dost thou remark against
Muku?Åh
ÅgTrue, youÅfve said it before. But why did you lock your heart? I haven't really
got a clear answer from you for this one question.Åh
As if with intense satisfaction, Shidou tightly gripped his fists. MukuroÅfs words
suddenly appeared within ShidouÅfs head.
ÅgPerjury lay not upon me. Ask thou why? Dispensable forfeiture, nay, and
aspects of misfortune I say. I know not what I used to anymore.Åh
In their previous conversation, Mukuro had indeed stated that she sealed her
own heart of her own volition. However, when she had been asked for the
reason, she gave an ambiguous answer. Either she had been deliberately
deceiving Shidou, or she truly could not recall with much certainty. Her true
intentions as to why she had made such a drastic decision must not be that
simple.
ÅgÅcAh, thatÅfs right. Why didn't I notice it earlier?Åh
Accompanied by a sigh, Shidou verbalized that sentence. It wasnÅft for
Mukuro, but for himself. He directed that doubt to his former self who had
been at a loss when MukuroÅfs rejection struck his weakness. It was
laughable, for him?Itsuka Shidou to not perceive that until the moment he
spoke.
11
ÅgIÅfll ask you one more time, Mukuro. Why you are in a place like this, and why
did you seal your heart? What in the universe have you gone through?Åh
ÅgÅcÅcÅcÅcÅh
Mukuro put on a cheerless face, her mouth shut. After a few seconds had
passed, she let out a breath.
Åg??Fine, forthwith.Åh
Shortly afterwards, as if her ears deafened towards ShidouÅfs question,
Mukuro turned <Michael> in her hands and pointed its tip in his direction.
ÅgWhether to heed mine admonishments or otherwise is thy leisure. Likewise,
however Muku revies is her discretion.Åh2
As she made her declaration known, the floating rocks and mechanical debris
surrounding Mukuro bombarded Shidou in a devastating blitz as if under her
visual influence.
Åg??Ugh!Åh
The sudden assault forced Shidou to hold his breath, though it wasn't as if he
was mentally unprepared. In actuality, Mukuro had also assailed him without
prior warning during their last dialogue. If Shidou had not been conversing
with her through a three-dimensional projection of himself, he would have
undoubtedly died quite a few times.
However, being prepared had nothing to do with being able to react properly.
The incoming barrage resembled a volley of darts at most. Even so, when
fused with a SpiritÅfs power, the onslaught could match the destruction of a
miniature meteor shower. The fragments of rubble charged with bonebreaking,
flesh-tearing might as it soared towards the determined Shidou.
ÅgKuh??Åh
Shidou defended using both his hands, making sure to protect his head by
pulling his body back. Since he possessed KotoriÅfs healing flames within his
body, unless he was killed in an instant, there was a chance for Shidou to
recover completely.
2. To revie means to respond.
12
However.
Åg??Eh?!Åh
Having expected to be mercilessly lacerated to death, the guarded Shidou
abruptly exclaimed in a fit of disbelief as something contrary to his
anticipations happened.
His reaction was comprehensible. After all, not even a single one of the
numerous projectiles which Mukuro had launched hit Shidou. Every one of
them had flown past him.
Of course, his lucky break wasn't due to Mukuro misadjusting the trajectory. It
was as if ShidouÅfs body could sense the projectilesÅf paths and just avoided
them, similar to how buoyant objects floating on a liquid fan out with wavy
ripples on the surface.
ÅgThis isÅcÅh
A familiar voice resounded from the receiver worn on ShidouÅfs ear.
Åg??I wonÅft let you take out my Onii-chan that easily.Åh
Their identity was obvious. It was the voice of ShidouÅfs sister, a commanding
officer of Ratatoskr, Itsuka Kotori. She was the reason why Shidou was able
to survive in outer space with only his normal clothes on. Kotori and the
gigantic airship which she commanded, <Fraxinus EX>, were present there
as well. As for the warship, it was currently utilizing the coverage of its
Territory to shield ShidouÅfs body, allowing the sound of his voice to propagate
through the vacuum of space and reach MukuroÅfs ears.
ÅgIt follows the same principles as <FraxinusÅf> automated evasion ability. The
deployed Territory can detect any approaching entities and prevent them from
coming into contact with ShidouÅfs body.Åh
ÅgI seeÅc Thanks for that, Kotori.Åh
As Shidou showed his gratitude, a voice other than KotoriÅfs reached his ears.
ÅwOnly to Kotori?Åx
ÅgHahaÅc You too, Maria.Åh
13
ÅwAs long as you are aware. However, please refrain from excessively relying
on this ability. Compared to the Territory surrounding the structure of
<Fraxinus>, Spirit powered bullets or not, those are simply inferior projectiles.
The Territory can still handle flying scraps, but it will not sustain the attack of
an angel. In addition?Åx
Kotori abruptly cut off MariaÅfs elaboration.
ÅgUn. Sorry, but don't count on us to assist you in carrying over your voice
forever. WeÅfve got our own guest to deal with here.Åh
ÅgÅcOkay, I understand.Åh
Guest, the mere mention of that very word provoked a complete reversal in
ShidouÅfs mood as he looked back. The cause was relatively simple. A
number of warship silhouettes could be seen appearing from the Earth in
pursuit of <Fraxinus>. Without a doubt, those were the airships belonging to
DEM Industries.
As Shidou was on the verge of making a move, four warship vessels which
had attacked <Fraxinus> appeared in space and fiercely pushed on without
any signs of stopping. And positioned at the center was the fated-to-beenemies-
with spaceship <Goetia>. Even for the revamped <Fraxinus>,
simultaneously looking after Shidou and dealing with the spawned enemies
would prove to be an extremely arduous task. Shidou steeled his resolve,
nodded his head, and faced Mukuro once again.
ÅgThe Territory is more than enough. ?Leave this to me.Åh
He silently whispered a phrase and extended his right hand at a slow pace.
The other party was a Spirit who held tremendous power, not to mention one
whom ShidouÅfs words have had no effect on due to her unwavering heart.
However, Shidou had not travelled great lengths while completely lacking a
viable countermeasure. Indeed, he knew of but one method to break the lock
securing MukuroÅfs soul.
ÅgÅcÅcÅcÅcÅh
Shidou regulated his breathing, concentrated his vigor, sharpened his mind,
and brought his convictions to fruition. With the hope of rescuing Mukuro as
his guide, a figure gradually began to form within blurry rays of light.
14
He called out the name of that figure, the name of the angel that possessed
incomparable strength.
??The name that could smash the abhorrent status quo, the sole key.
Åg<Haniel>.Åh
In an instant, following a blood-boiling sensation coursing through his body,
an undulating radiance suffused the palm of ShidouÅfs right hand where a long
weapon manifested there. Be that as it may, its length differed from those of
rifles and swords. Looking at its rigid form and blunted end, rather than some
weapon or staff, the item resembled a simple broom.
ÅgÅcÅcHo?Åh
Mukuro responded to the angel <Haniel>, which suddenly appeared out of
nowhere.
ÅgAn angel, eh? Thou bear nary semblance to a Spirit.Åh
But she narrowed her eyes as if she immediately understood why.
ÅgMe seems that aught hath me wit. That be the told sealing of spirit power by
thou. Hm, maugre the wherefores draw breath in darkness, thou must have
wrest many an angel from the hands of my kin, eke thy woos to Muku
erewhile.Åh
ÅgDonÅft make me sound like a criminal?I admit it, this isnÅft my own power. But
the thought of capturing an angel has never even crossed my mind. I just
want to save you from these powers that should have never been given to
you.Åh
ÅgKnow thou not of repentance? ÅfTis unfeasible, there exists not an angel
capable of surpassing MukuÅfs <Michael>.Åh
ÅgIs that so? Well, then?Åh
Shidou loosened the corners of his mouth and poured all his energy to
<Haniel>Åfs handle as he shouted.
Åg<Haniel>??<Kaleidoscope>!Åh
In a split second, as if working in concert with his succinct recitation, <Haniel>
emitted a faintly pale glow and fabricated a contemporary outward
15
appearance. After a few seconds had come and gone, the resplendent
<Haniel> transformed into something completely unalike its previous form.
??It had changed into a key-shaped staff. <Haniel> had flawlessly morphed
into the same <Michael> currently gripped in MukuroÅfs hand.
MukuroÅfs heart had been sealed by Mukuro herself through <Michael>Åfs
power. In other words, in order to unlock her heart, only she herself could do
so. Thus, the only entity able to undo the present plight using this absolute
rule was, without a doubt, <Haniel>.
ÅgÅcWhat betoken thou?Åh
Her anticipations were exceeded. Mukuro called out with astonishment.
ÅgEerie forsooth, to think that thou hast the effrontery to mimic <Michael>.Åh
ÅgThatÅfs how it is. After all?Åh
Shidou simultaneously pointed one end of <Michael> at Mukuro.
ÅgIÅfll be able to talk with the real you this way.Åh
ÅgPresumptuous loggerhead, give allowance for Muku to edify thee of thy
place. To whatever extent thy facade feigns fidelity, dost thou verily ween that
thou art free to reign over <Michael> with savoir faire?Åh
ÅgWho knows, weÅfll just have to test it out a bit.Åh
Shidou declared while calmly regaining the lost composure. With his abruptly
beating heart, he was wielding <Michael> with both hands soon afterwards.
Åg?Here I come, Mukuro. IÅfll definitely unseal your heart and save you.Åh
???
From the loudspeakers installed inside the bridge of the refurbished
<Fraxinus>, ShidouÅfs fully determined voice reverberated throughout the
room. Sitting on the commanderÅfs chair, Kotori nodded her head, slightly
rocking her hair, which was neatly tied into twin tails with her black-colored
ribbons.
ÅgIÅfll leave it to you then, Shidou.Åh
16
After concisely saying so with steadfast willpower, Kotori tightly closed her
eyes.
For Shidou, Hoshimiya Mukuro was a Spirit whose danger level could be
compared with Tokisaki Kurumi and inverse Spirits. Although the Territory did
serve some purpose in protecting him, sending Shidou out by himself to deal
with her was an onerous decision, even for Kotori to accept.
However, the enemy currently pursuing Fraxinus was humanityÅfs strongest
wizard, Ellen Mira Mathers, and the high speed warship which she
commanded, <Goetia>, the ship which had once shot down <Fraxinus> in the
past.
ÅgAll personnel prepare for battle stations! WeÅfre up against the worldÅfs most
troublesome enemy! Stir up your mood!Åh
ÅgRoger!Åh
The staff spread out in the bridge replied Kotori with nervous looks. Kotori
motioned in confirmation and turned back her head. Behind her, there stood
eight girls who didn't seem to suit the bridge fittingly. They were all Spirits
whose powers had been sealed by Shidou up till now. Every one of them
anxiously watched the image of Shidou displayed on the main monitor.
ÅgKotori!Åh
ÅgKotori.Åh
Between the two who simultaneously vociferated?one was a young girl who
possessed characteristic dark hair that was the color of night and had clear
crystalline pupils, while the other remained the only Spirit to remain
composed in those dire circumstances?they were Tohka and Origami
respectively.
Even Kotori could easily guess what they were about to say. After a moment
of wavering irresolution, she earnestly sighed from the depths of her throat.
ÅgÅcI guess you two have already made up your minds. Well, I never planned
on having either of you getting involved in this fight at first, but nowÅcÅh
Kotori faintly turned and exhaled once again. The organization under her
command, <Ratatoskr>, was one which held safeguarding every Spirit as its
utmost purpose and priority. The act of sending Spirits whose powers had
been painstakingly sealed into the battlefield indeed conflicted with the
corporationÅfs advocated intentions.
17
Nevertheless, everyone knew within their minds that it was not the time to
emphasize on ancillary morals. Moreover, an unfaltering flame relentlessly
kindled in their eyes, inextinguishable by anything Kotori could say.
ÅgFine. Could I ask for your help?Åh
Tohka and Origami nodded in sync before Kotori could even utter the length
of a full stop.
No, there was more to that. All the other Spirits put forth their strengths and
expressed their approval as well.
ÅgI wantÅc to help!Åh
ÅgHeh, heh, with the power of us Yamai, even a hurricane can blow across the
vacuum of space.Åh
ÅgAgreement. We are unable to sit idle in this situation.Åh
ÅgExactly, exactly! My lovely Darling is out there fighting, I canÅft just stay here!Åh
ÅgÅcIf YoshinoÅfs going, IÅfm going too.Åh
ÅgUn! ThatÅfs right, a final boss battle where everyone joins forces! Ah, but my
Spirit power is down now, so I guess IÅfll be supporting you guys from the ship.
Sorry!Åh
As Yoshino, Kaguya, Yuzuru, Miku, Natsumi, and Nia respectively said so,
Kotori put on a helpless expression.
ÅgI get it. IÅfll be borrowing everyoneÅfs powers then.Åh
The Spirits raised their fists and shouted a war cry altogether. Their vitalityfilled
voices vigorously reverberated throughout the bridge, sending shudders
all over KotoriÅfs body as if she was being yelled at loudly.
As if influenced by the SpiritsÅf boost in morale, the strain that previously
painted the crewÅfs faces vanished in an instant and was replaced by
alleviating encouragement. With refreshed determination and zeal, they
bestirred themselves again. The SpiritsÅf voices appeared to relax the
mentalities of the crew who were about to confront the most formidable
enemy in history.
However?the surrounding lively ambience did not last for long.
18
The reason became apparent on the main display monitor as countless
hordes of miniature machines were seen being deployed from DEMÅfs
armada, swarming towards Shidou and Mukuro. Those devilish dark grey
contraptions of humanoid figures were DEM IndustriesÅf unmanned weaponry,
the Bandersnatch units.
ÅgCheÅc! Those bastards?Åh
ÅgC-Commander! IÅfm detecting signals from something other than the
Bandersnatch units!Åh
<Deep Love> Minowa suddenly interrupted KotoriÅfs cursing.
Of course, that could not be helped. After all, on the main screen something,
completely unalike the Bandersnatch units, was moving within the vague
shadows created by the innumerable machines.
To be precise, it was someone.
That person was a young girl who had blonde hair and was wearing a light
blue and white colored Combat Realizer Unit.
ÅgThatÅfsÅc!Åh
Åg?Artemisia Bell Ashcroft.Åh
Origami uttered the girlÅfs name as her eyes stared intently at the screen.
Although her tone was quite calm and monotonous, a keyed up expression
gradually formed on her face as her hands clasped tightly.
For Origami, this was a rarely seen response, though well vindicated.
Ultimately, Artemisia was a Wizard with power second only to Ellen Mathers.
She must be prevented from intercepting Shidou at all costs. Kotori began to
speak in a plainly anxious voice.
ÅgKuh?Proceed with the drop-off according to their location. Tohka and
Origami, you two will go first. Get on the teleporter quickly.Åh
ÅgUn!Åh
ÅgUnderstood.Åh
19
After replying so, Tohka and Origami hastily moved towards the teleporter
unit installed inside the bridge. As Kotori watched the two with a half-glance,
she issued an order to FraxinusÅf AI, Maria.
ÅgAlso, Maria, prepare AW-111.Åh
ÅwRoger, but it is still in maintenance. Is that fine? Åx
ÅgYeah, Origami will make good use of it.Åh
ÅgÅcÅc?Åh
Origami acutely inclined her head since she was unaware of KotoriÅfs
implications. Afterwards, a compartment was extracted from under the central
automation console, wherein a branded silver object was slowly revealed.
Kotori seized the item in her hands and placed it before Origami. The girl
could only fix her dazzled eyes onto the mysterious object as she received it.
ÅgThis isÅc emergency gear?Åh
ÅgCorrect. ThatÅfs a CR-Unit manufactured by Asgard Electronics, called
<Brynhildr>. ItÅfs our newest model, so itÅfd be great if you could exploit the
equipment.Åh
Kotori explained so while giving a thumb up. As if she had immediately
assembled the pieces of the puzzle together, Origami powerfully gripped the
gear she held and lightly nodded her head.
Åg?I understand.Åh
ÅgAll right, and then letÅfs get going. Confirm the coordinates and begin the
teleportation!Åh
ÅwRoger, starting the teleporter. Åx
MariaÅfs reply to Kotori was transmitted through the loudspeakers. Soon after
that, the bodies of Tohka and the others, who were standing on the teleporter
installation, began to emit a thin, pale luminesce.
Just at the moment they disappeared.
ÅgYaaaÅcÅc!?Åh
20
FraxinusÅf bridge suddenly quaked from a severe, unknown force, eliciting a
yelp from Kotori. The commander was staggered by the unexpected assault,
almost capsizing on her seat itself, as she barely managed to stabilize
herself.
Be that as it may, Kotori and the crew members, who somehow contrived to
stay seated, could be considered as rather fortunate since the adjacent
Spirits had all lost their equilibrium and gracelessly toppled onto the floor.
ÅgKyaaÅc!Åh
ÅgO-o-ouchÅc what happenedÅcÅh
Nia gently rubbed her forehead, which had been knocked against the solid
floor, while pouting her mouth with resent of the accident. To her chagrin, the
one who then replied was one of the crew members situated in the lower
section of the bridge.
Åg<Goetia> launched an explosive incendiary!Åh
ÅgOur Territory has successfully neutralized the bombardment, no damage
was sustained!Åh
The report caused the infuriated Kotori to furrow her eyebrows with rage.
ÅgÅcChe.Åh
If <Goetia> had utilized ordinary magic-powered artillery shells, their might
would have been effortlessly nullified by the Territory, and the effect of the
blast would not have reached the bridge. Ellen was aware that FraxinusÅf
Territory was nigh impenetrable; thus, she borrowed another Territory for the
purpose of that attack.
It resembled the knocking of a door.
ÅgAre you belittling us, Ellen MathersÅc?!Åh
Kotori fiercely gnawed at the lollipop in her mouth with her teeth.
As if in response to KotoriÅfs rhetorical statement, the speakers inside the
bridge began to sound a warning siren which signaled an incoming
transmission from outside the ship. Without even having to guess who the
sender was, Kotori commanded in a dolorous manner.
ÅgÅcPut it through.Åh
21
ÅgRoger!Åh
Accompanying the crewÅfs affirmation, after some miscellaneous electrical
noise scurried through the display screen, the image of a young woman was
shown on the now clear monitor.
She was a beautiful blonde female of Northern European origin with skin as
pale as that of an ill patient. She was magnificently accoutered in a platinum
circuitry which clearly upheld her status as a Wizard. If one were to judge
from her outward appearance, her neck and wrists seemed thin enough to be
snapped off by a minor amount of force.
At first glance, she would look like a normal?rather, a fragile foreign girl from
anyoneÅfs perspective. Nevertheless, her blue eyes were imbued with
absolute self-confidence in her strength.
ÅgÅcEllen Mathers.Åh
ÅgIndeed. It has truly been a lengthy while since our last conversation, Itsuka
Kotori.Åh
Ellen responded with a mocking smirk. Her leisurely mien induced a quiver or
two from the tips of KotoriÅfs brows.
This spectacle was not the first of its kind. When Shidou previously borrowed
<Zafkiel>Åfs abilities in order to rewrite history, Kotori and Fraxinus had come
face to face with Ellen in a similar manner?merely to be defeated in the end.
ÅgYou look like you havenÅft been taught a lesson and emerged once more. But
things wonÅft be going your way anymore.Åh
ÅgHumph, is that warship the origin of your overconfidence? A new variety, I
presume, however?itÅfs useless. IÅfll shoot it down again no matter how many
times it will take.Åh
ÅgHow dare you?Åh
At that moment, Kotori held her breath.
It was then that it had occurred to her?the significance of Ellen saying again.
Fraxinus had suffered a loss against <Goetia> during ShidouÅfs endeavor in
the previous world. The Ellen of this world was not supposed to know even a
sliver of the ordeal.
22
ÅgÅcI see, so it was <Beelzebub>Åfs doing.Åh
Kotori faintly whispered.
The omniscient Demon King <Beelzebub> that Isaac Westcott had snatched
away. It was no mystery that they were able to acquire unobtainable-bynormal-
means information of the world before it had been altered.
ÅgHmmÅc Your boss is really fussy, like a kid who just got a new toy.Åh
ÅgA kid, huhÅc What you said may not necessarily be untrue.Åh
ÅgHo? Even a manga wouldn't have something like this. If that guy had so
much as the least amount of judgement, he wouldn't have personally come to
the enemyÅfs base, more so as the ringleader.Åh
ÅgÅcHuh?Åh
In the instant those words reached EllenÅfs ears, for the first time, her face
stirred into a grimacing caricature.
ÅgWhat did you just say, Itsuka Kotori? Ike went to RatatoskrÅfs base in person
without me?!Åh
Along with shocking astonishment?or rather, ireful indignation?such
pronouncements vociferated out of her throat.
Åg????Åh
This unpredicted reaction rendered Kotori flabbergasted and speechless as
she gulped her saliva down with a cluck. She absolutely could not have
misheard despite the awkwardness of EllenÅfs speech?she had no idea about
Isaac Westcott raiding RatatoskrÅfs base.
ÅgÅcHm? Judging by your reply, you seem to be completely unaware of this
matter. Not informing you about a fight that important, even though the both
of you are on intimate terms. He doesn't have much trust in you, does he?
How quite unforeseen...Åh
ÅgÅcÅcÅcÅh
Ellen became uncommunicative and was reticently lost in silence for a little
while, breathing down KotoriÅfs neck with an expression like never before.
23
All in all, after slightly moving her lips as if she was thinking aloud, Ellen
returned to her former relaxed disposition and tidied her long bangs.
ÅgWhat a blatant taunt. Would I, of all people, believe in the enemyÅfs words?Åh
ÅgYou can confirm it yourself if you aren't convinced. Or perhaps, are you
scared?Åh
ÅgWhat youÅfve spouted are all nonsensical lies, anyway. All right, if you insist, I
shall go and verify the matter myself.Åh
As she declared so, Ellen put on an incisive, sharp demeanor and resumed.
Åg?Five minutes will be enough.Åh
The connection was severed simultaneously. The DEM warships, which
appeared on the refreshed main display screen again, showed a variety of
changes.
As they were keenly focused on <Goetia>, being the center of attention, the
other three ships had secretly encircled <Fraxinus> before they had the
chance to even notice. The flames of war stood on the verge of breaking out.
After a high-pitched groan, Kotori shouted her orders to the crew members.
ÅgSet the attribute of the Territory to defense and fall back! Being surrounded
will be hard to deal with, though, other than <Goetia>, theyÅfre all small fries.
Before that happens?Åh
ÅgKotori-san!Åh
KotoriÅfs words were abruptly interrupted by a voice from behind?it was
MikuÅfs.
ÅgPlease teleport us outside the ship! Let us take care of the small fries!Åh
Following her example, the other Spirits voiced their opinions as well.
ÅgKotori-san can take on GoetiaÅc!Åh
ÅgKaka, Tohka and Origami have departed to ShidouÅfs location. We ought to
follow suit.Åh
ÅgYou guysÅcÅh
Although hesitating at first, Kotori gave light nod.
24
Åg?Well, IÅfll leave it to you to obediently stay here.Åh
ÅgHow did it come to that!? We can help with our powers too!Åh
ÅgCalm down. ItÅfs precisely because of your powers that IÅfm counting on you to
remain in the ship as a last resort.Åh
ÅgEhÅc?Åh
ÅgDoubt. What does that imply?Åh
KotoriÅfs statement made the Spirits rack their brains in a dumbfounded
expression.
ÅgActually, even IÅfm fed up with doing nothing. But since itÅfs <Goetia> that
weÅfre facing off against here, maybe?Åh
As she shifted her field of vision towards the Spirits, Kotori suddenly ceased
her talking. The reason was very simple?one Spirit was missing.
ÅgEhÅc? WhereÅfsÅc?Åh
Åg<Goetia> is approaching!!Åh
However, just then, a crew memberÅfs voice was transmitted from the lower
bridge section, instantly pulling back KotoriÅfs consciousness. There was no
time for any careful consideration. Even if she had hidden herself away due to
fear of battle, Kotori could not blame her for that purpose. More importantly,
she did not plan on coercing her to provide any assistance. With a salute,
Kotori issued instructions to the crew.
ÅgEveryone wait for the perfect opportunity to strike! All personnel make
preparations! We will be commencing soon!Åh
ÅgRoger!Åh
The crew membersÅf firm affirmations reverberated throughout the bridge.
Kotori licked her lips and fixed her gaze on the platinum aerial warship that
was displayed on the main monitor.
ÅgHere I come, destined archenemy. IÅfll let you enrich your intelligence
regarding the brand-new FraxinusÅf strength.Åh
Afterwards, Kotori pointed at the screen and offered the following words.
25
ÅgAll right??let our battle <date> begin.Åh
??????
Åg?<Unlock-R?taibu>.Åh
Accompanied by a fleetingly brief sound, Mukuro stabbed her key-shaped
angel <Michael> into the void. As she turned, similar to a door being opened,
a passageway was instantly unfurled in that space, forcefully drawing the
many heaps of floating rock and rubble machinery around Mukuro.
ÅgEvanesce.Åh
ÅgÅcÅc!Åh
In a split second, multiple gates were unlocked in a way that enclosed
Shidou. The projectiles, which had previously vanished, flew out from the
gates simultaneously. It was an endless barrage from all directions, from all
360 degrees, leaving no blind spot unharmed. Naturally, <FraxinusÅf> Territory
which was protecting Shidou responded accordingly, assisting him in avoiding
the piercing barrage of bullets?yet to no avail. Unlike previously, there was
absolutely no place for him to hide this time. The few inescapable missiles
kept drawing near him, as if they had a merciless thirst for puncturing into
ShidouÅfs body.
However, Shidou was not naive enough to stay in place like a sitting duck. He
raised his left hand towards the front and shouted.
Åg<Zadkiel>Åc!Åh
In a flash?frigid draughts raced around ShidouÅfs surroundings, beginning to
take the shape of a sturdy, ice shield. The incoming debris collided with the
rigid chunks of frozen water, shattering into scant fragments of frost and
verglas. Several shock waves remorselessly pounded ShidouÅfs feeble frame,
akin to a helpless vessel being rampaged by an unrelenting tempest at sea.
Witnessing the event, Mukuro indistinctly narrowed her eyes.
ÅgHm, thou art able of bidding other angels verily. All the more jaundiced. Art
thou in sooth a mortal wight?Åh
ÅgIÅfve considered that possibility before. But?Åh
26
Shidou gazed into MukuroÅfs eyes with rapt attentiveness, taking a deep
breath in the process. He then depicted an illusion within his mind and spoke.
Åg?For the sake of reaching you, I guess that now is not the time to be picky.Åh
With the Army-Breaking Songstress <Gabriel>, Shidou poured all his strength
into his voice. The mystical incantations which propagated from inside
ShidouÅfs throat vibrated his eardrums via FraxinusÅf Territory, bestowing on
him a power that greatly surpassed the limits of a normal human.
ÅgUoooooooh!Åh
He curled up his legs in midair and immediately stretched them out the next
instant with a forced exhalation. Naturally, there were no footholds or
whatsoever in space. However, the Territory deluging ShidouÅfs body sensed
his movements and propelled him forward in a wide leap. He closed in on the
floating Mukuro at a high velocity.
Yet, at the next moment?
ÅgÅcHuh!?Åh
Shidou reflexively suppressed his breathing.
The grounds for his reaction were well justified. Just before he arrived at
MukuroÅfs position, the shadow of a human figure draped in a suit of
machinery suddenly appeared out of the corners of ShidouÅfs eyes.
ÅgMy apologies, this Spirit belongs to us.Åh
The blonde girl retracted her laser saber as she said so in an apathetic tone.
ÅgYouÅfre??Åh
Shidou remembered who she was?Artemisia Ashcroft, one of DEM
IndustriesÅf Wizards, and the girl who attacked Nia when she inverted.
It looked like she had come to the cosmos along with <Goetia>. Regardless
of that fact, Shidou, who had previously amassed all of his available attention
on Mukuro, was utterly unable to perceive even the tiniest sign of ArtemisiaÅfs
swift advance up until the actual event itself occurred.
ArtemisiaÅfs sword took aim at ShidouÅfs vulnerable neck.
27
The boy was done for, screwed, toast. Shidou didnÅft know whether or not
<Camael>Åfs flames could heal a decapitated head. Granted that such a
wondrous miracle proved to be feasible, Artemisia and Mukuro still would not
patiently wait for ShidouÅfs head to slowly reattach to his body afresh.
However, within that short-lived period of ten or so seconds, a fervid emotion
which held no regard for his own personal safety prominently emerged from
ShidouÅfs heart.
ThatÅfs right. If Shidou were to die there and then, Artemisia would definitely
assault Mukuro without the slightest hesitation. Of course, Mukuro was a
Spirit. With the presence of her <Michael>, it was possible for her to make a
quick escape to a faraway region despite any contingencies. She was even
powerful to the extent that she could kill Artemisia instead.
On the contrary, if the latter were to happen, it would equate to Mukuro
sealing her own heart forever.
Her options would be death or eternal stagnation.
For Mukuro, ShidouÅfs elimination merely meant that she would be left with
those two remaining choices.
ÅgSomething like thatÅc how could I ever accept itÅc!Åh
Shidou managed to control his weakened body and wield <Michael> with a
forward motion. Naturally, it was too late for him to defend. Nonetheless, if
Artemisia so much as relented a bit when she was carried out the deed,
perhaps the beheading would not turn out to be a clean cut at all. Provided
that ShidouÅfs head remained connected to his body by even the thinnest layer
of skin, there was a chance for <Camael> to save his life.
Those were all probabilities without exception, purely imaginary reluctances.
However, they were the greatest efforts that Shidou could strive to
accomplish.
The tip of ArtemisiaÅfs laser blade drew near ShidouÅfs throat. The razor-sharp
edge of her sword formed with enormous magical power lacerated his bare
flesh, incising an acute excruciation throughout his nervous system as the
foul stench of scorched blood diffused across the space. ?However.
ÅgÅcÅcU-Ugh!Åh
The one who quelled their breath was not Shidou, but Artemisia.
ÅgEh???Åh
28
Hearing such an exclamation, he could not refrain from slow-wittedly
exclaiming himself.
Shidou, who had thought he was dying just mere moments ago, still
possessed the conscious ability to confirm the matter itself of his own accord,
and his throat was able to verbalize as before. Shidou understood right away.
The saber which had grazed his neck was obstructed from underneath.
Åg??Shidou, are you all right?Åh
ÅgOrigami!?Åh
Shidou widened his eyes as he called out the name of the girl who had
appeared before him. Origami stood there, adorned in an unfamiliar suit of
machinery. Her ensemble was embellished with a streamlined pure white CRUnit,
which was equipped with pauldrons and a breastplate resembling
European armor. Her weapon, rather than a sword, looked more like an
elongated spear.
ÅgThat outfit?Åh
ÅgIÅfll explain later.Åh
After Origami succinctly replied back, she swung her spear at Artemisia, who
had lost her balance from the parry.
ÅgKuhÅcÅcÅh
ÅgÅcÅcUgh.Åh
Due to their Territories impacting each other, they could perceive the otherÅfs
energy and tenacity. Both Origami and Artemisia vaguely distorted their
expressions into grimaces as a result.
Their intense magic concentrated at a single focal point, discharging blinding
streaks of light throughout the pitch-black cosmos, shining on their eyes as
well.
ÅgShidou!Åh
A voice reached his ears as he was just freed from the desperate impasse.
The next instant, his wrist was tightly gripped by a strength that threatened to
dislocate his hand, pulling him away.
29
ÅgUgah!?Åh
Shidou couldn't help but yell, before realizing the significance of that action
immediately afterwards.
In a flash, the space that Shidou had previously been in was thoroughly
permeated by magnified rays of stinging light which emanated from Mukuro.
Supposedly, if Shidou was still blithely lost in a daze there, the life that
Origami had saved would be pointlessly discarded yet again.
ÅgAre you okay, Shidou?!Åh
ÅgAh, yeah, thanks a lot for that, Tohka.Åh
Shidou cast away the beaded droplets of sweat on his forehead and called
out the name of the girl who had dragged him away from imminent danger.
Without a doubt, the one who rescued Shidou from that crisis was Tohka,
wearing her limited Astral Dress and brandishing her angel <Sandalphon> in
her hand. It looked like she had come together with Origami.
However, there was no time for respite.
Mukuro seemed to heave a sigh and simultaneously raised <Michael> once
more, bombarding projectiles in their direction. It did not end there.
Innumerable humanoid figures appeared behind them?<Bandersnatch>
units. The robotic machines fired artillery at Shidou and Mukuro.
ÅgGuhÅc <Zadkiel>!Åh
ÅgHah!Åh
Shidou constructed a shield out of scratch using the angel while Tohka was
fending off the Bandersnatch unitsÅf attacks with <Sandalphon> at the same
time. Naturally, this alone was not nearly enough to terminate the other
partyÅfs offensive.
Shidou, Ratatoskr, the Spirit hunters DEM, and the girl who deemed both
sides as her foes, Mukuro, each for their own purpose had showered the
cosmos with torrents upon plethora of spiritual and magical power.
ÅgÅcÅcUgh!Åh
30
Yet, despite being caught up in the tumultuous maelstrom of war, Shidou
harbored no dread. To be precise, another philosophy currently governed his
line of thought.
ÅgTohka! NowÅfs your chance!Åh
ÅgUn! IÅfll clear a path!Åh
Tohka loudly declared so.
Both of their minds seemed to have connected for an instant as they thought
up a scheme on the fly. That was to be expected. In battles, the speed and
keenness of TohkaÅfs decision-making synchronized with ShidouÅfs mindset.
Indeed, Shidou and the others encompassed the exact center of the
battlefield. Even with the shelter of FraxinusÅf Territory, it was a merciless
combat zone where no error went unpunished. Each mistake cost direly?a
ground zero brimming with overwhelming magical power.
At the same time, Mukuro found herself bemused with the state of affairs
which menaced her to counteract. In fact, she was presently skirmishing
anything approaching with magic rays or utilizing <Michael> to open doors
that could engulf them whole.
ÅgLetÅfs go, Tohka!Åh
ÅgOoh!Åh
After rallying with Tohka, they leaped together, throwing themselves into the
brilliant streams of meteors.
In the pitch-black cosmos, two shadows entangled, collided, and drifted by
each other.
Origami manipulated her own Territory and observed the balance regulator,
receiving several pressing attacks from Artemisia in the process.
ÅgFuh?Åh
ÅgToo naive!Åh
Origami fired a shot with her lance, but to no avail as the bullet was
obstructed by Artemisia using her laser saber. The modicums of magical
energy dispersed like sparking fireworks, casting light upon her eyes.
31
ÅgKuh?Åh
One slash after another, Artemisia began to slowly, but surely, close the
distance between the two fierce combatants. OrigamiÅfs face became
drenched in perspiration. Being endowed with the latest equipment did not fill
the disparate gap between their abilities at all. This cruel fact made her
reminisce the time when she once squared up to Ellen Mathers, albeit to have
crumbled from her opponentÅfs godly strength.
ÅgHehehÅcÅh
Deeply engrossed in OrigamiÅfs facial features, Artemisia let out a soft hum.
ÅgThat combat Realizer unit of yours is rather eccentric, if I must say. Your
spear can absorb any magic scattered in the surroundings and turn that
power into the sharpened edge of a blade. A battle of stamina would spell the
end for me.Åh
ÅgÅcÅcÅcÅh
OrigamiÅfs eyebrows faintly quivered. Certainly, the laser-tipped spear held in
her hands, <Einherjar>, possessed such an innate attribute as Artemisia had
stated. For this reason, Origami could control and wield the generated
magical power to coerce her adversary into a war of attrition.
ÅgSuch a CR-Unit beholds a new sight for me. Yet, you are a Wizard yourself.
For whose sake do you side with the Spirits?Åh
ÅgÅcÅcÅcÅh
A scourging sense of affliction resided within that sentence. Artemisia was
supposed to be acquainted with Origami. Unless she was an amnesiac
herself, it was very difficult to imagine how she could have forgotten.
ÅgÅcArtemisia. Why did you defect from the SSS and join DEM? You werenÅft
even the slightest bit tolerant of them.Åh
ÅgÅcÅc? What nonsense are you spouting? How did you even get hold of my
nameÅc not to mention what is the SSSÅc supposed to beÅc?Åh
ArtemisiaÅfs face blatantly displayed her misgivings. She wrinkled her brows,
supporting her aching forehead with her hand.
ÅgAghÅc huhÅc?Åh
32
She moaned and groaned in pain, forcefully shaking her head as if to
extricate herself from the terrible headache, and replaced her line of vision
onto Origami.
ÅgÅcForget it. It looks like you intend to keep standing in my way of completing
my mission.Åh
Artemisia narrowed her eyes and heaved her sword again, renewing her
battle stance.
ÅgForgive me, but I must eliminate you.Åh
ÅgÅc!Åh
In a fraction of a second, the figure of Artemisia in OrigamiÅfs view rapidly
expanded, accelerating without warning. The entire phenomenon felt as if
Artemisia had already taken action before OrigamiÅfs brain could even think,
let alone register her movement.
It was indeed a Trompe-lÅfoeil pounce. Luckily, the laser saber, which loomed
to cleave open her forehead if left untrammeled, was just barely blocked by
<Einherjar> in the nick of time. However, that mere impediment did not slow
down ArtemisiaÅfs assault. Up, down, left, right, and front?the slayerÅfs slashes
seemed to endlessly flail at Origami without any intervention. 3
ÅgK-KuhÅcÅh
Fending off every strike proved to be an impossible feat for Origami. Her
abdomen suffered from a direct thrust, sending her staggering backwards.
Locking blades and trading blows one after another, Origami was once again
enlightened about the difference in ability between both fightersÅf capabilities.
Even Origami herself possessed the self-confidence not to lose too any sort
of Wizards, except that ArtemisiaÅfs level was far above that standard.
Qualities such as magic capacity, control, the scope and precision of their
Territories no longer played a part in the comparison. Perhaps even the
foundation of her abilities was at the utmost pinnacle of what the human body
could attain. It could be said that she surpassed Origami, as a Wizard, in
literally every aspect possible.
ÅgÅcUgh, however?Åh
3. Trompe-lÅfoeil is French for a technique which deceives the eyes.
33
Origami had a reason to win this fight.
She twisted her face dejectedly and clenched her fist.
ÅgArtemisia Ashcroft, youÅfre very strong, always more than I am.Åh
Origami deeply inhaled and concentrated her mind.
Åg??As a Wizard, that is.Åh
After she spoke such a sentenceÅc
ÅgÅcHuh!?Åh
About to swing down her sword like an executioner, Artemisia broadened her
eyes in utter shock?her aiming system had completely detached itself from
Origami. There was nothing she could do about it. If, in the midst of war, her
opponentÅfs body suddenly started to emit light, even Origami would be on the
alert for any movements made by the opposite party.
ÅgThis isÅcÅcÅh
Artemisia stared at Origami with dazed eyes, utterly stupefied.
Her metallic suit of armor blended with her limited Astral Dress from which a
glorious radiance emanated. Exactly, the limited Astral Dresses affect the
present attire that the user wears during its conjuring. In the event of that
outfit being a CR-Unit which possessed combat capabilities, such an outcome
was inevitable.
Spirit and Wizard, an absolutely incompatible pair fused into a single
amalgamation of harmony. A spiritualized Wizard?most likely a one-in-theworld
marvel of a synthesized union that only Tobiichi Origami was capable of
manifesting.
ÅgWith this, IÅfll be able to face you head-on.Åh
After tranquilly proclaimed so, OrigamiÅfs pure white Astral Dress fluttered as
she fixed her eyes on Artemisia. Following closely, Artemisia, whose eyes
had widened like round marbles, issued a response.
ÅgA Spirit? HahaÅc so thatÅfs apparently the case. You were that Spirit present
during my subjugation of <Sister>. Wearing your CR-Unit made me fail to
recognize you.Åh
34
Artemisia curved the corners of her lips and chortled.
ÅgAll right ?seeing that you are a Spirit, I can now slay you with no regrets.Åh
ÅgÅcÅcÅcÅh
Origami and Artemisia exchanged silent glances?like two magnets of
opposite poles, mutually attracting each other. The pair simultaneously
scuttled into the hollow void.
??????

36
ÅgDeploy <Yggdrafolium> numbers one to ten to the assigned coordinates,
maximize Territory output!Åh
ÅgRoger!Åh
In the lower section of the bridge, <Dimension Breaker> Nakatsugawa
skillfully operated his panel. Shortly afterwards, the auxiliary monitor
displayed an image of <Fraxinus>, showing its rear section emitting an azure
glow and several automated foliage units being ejected.
Subsequently, they encircled the body of <Goetia>, each expanding its
Territory to the fullest like weapons floating in space.
ÅgAll right, itÅfs time! Fire the High magic-powered cannon, <Mystletainn>!Åh
ÅgRoger. <Mystletainn>, preparing to discharge.Åh
Just as the AI Maria responded to KotoriÅfs command, a low slightly muffled,
tremor shook the bridge, and a blinding flash of light scintillated on the main
monitor screen.
A devastating torrent of magical power emerged from the front end of
<Fraxinus> and extended towards <Goetia> at an unbelievable speed,
unable to be followed by the naked eye.
However?the enemy warship dodged to the right with an unnatural path,
escaping the <Yggdrafolium> with an abrupt jerk.
ÅgChiÅc they are still making exaggerated movements as always.Åh
Kotori furrowed her eyebrows unrelentingly.
The greatest weapon controlled by EllenÅfs warship <Goetia>. Its eminence
laid neither in excessive firepower that could annihilate anything nor infinite
durability able to withstand anything? but rather the locomotion flexibility
which the naked eye could not keep up with.
Unlike other airships, through Ellen MathersÅf direct interposition, movements
which defied the fundamental laws of physics could be achieved. <Goetia>
prided itself upon this exulted specialty second to none. The current situation
was like a heavy-duty motor vehicle finding itself ensnared within the palm of
a giant. <Fraxinus> could do what it could to enhance its maneuverability with
upgrades, but they would never hold a candle to <Goetia>Åfs sheer might. If
they were to maintain the status quo, that is.
37
Åg??Kannazuki!Åh
ÅgPresent.Åh
At KotoriÅfs call, the tall and thin man beside the captainÅfs seat made a reply.
He was FraxinusÅf Vice-Commander, Kannazuki Kyouhei. Equipped on his
head was a peculiar device which transmitted his brain waves to a Realizer
unit?an Electro-Encephalograph.
ÅgMaria, set Fraxinus to be operated manually.Åh
ÅgRoger. One Realizer unit has been left over while the remaining units are
serving as magic generators.Åh
After Maria said so, Kannazuki placed his hands on the device and stirred up
the corners of his mouth.
ÅgWhat a pity. Although I don't remember anymore, those guys on the other
side mustÅfve given us a crushing defeat in the previous world?unforgivable.
Those damned Wizards who harmed CommanderÅfs beautiful world tree, and I
myself who failed to protect it.Åh
ÅgDonÅft worry about it. But IÅfll have you avenge that loss.Åh
ÅgNaturally. Ah, to be mortified and humiliated unbeknownst to oneself, doesn't
that turn you on like being forced to do stuff subconsciously?Åh
ÅwKotori, I implore you to reconsider handing over control of the ship to this
person. Åx
ÅgI understand your doubts, but try to bear with it.Åh
Kotori heaved a sigh as she answered to MariaÅfs anxious misgivings towards
KannazukiÅfs words. However, the person himself did not mind?rather, it
would not be inaccurate to say that he assimilated a pleasant delight from
MariaÅfs reservations.
ÅgAnyway, go ahead. Let me examine what differentiates now from before.Åh
ÅgRoger, as the Commander wishes.Åh
As Kannazuki respectfully bowed and responded, <Goetia> swiftly
approached as if in concert.
38
At the same time, Kannazuki narrowed his eyes into a sardonic gaze and
deployed the final <Yggdrafolium> from the rear end of the vessel in order to
cut off <Goetia>Åfs advancement.
Ordinary warships were incapable of evading that attack at such a speed and
distance, unless their defenses were aided by Territories. Of course, if they
were an ordinary ship.
Just before it came into contact with the boundaries of the <Yggdrafolium>
Territories, <Goetia> instantly changed course. To be precise, it maintained
the parallelism from the confines to itself, going through the strait crevices in
between the dense <Yggdrafolium> and gradually drawing nearer and nearer.
Åg<Goetia> is still approaching!Åh
The crewÅfs voices reverberated throughout the bridge. <Fraxinus> was driven
into a corner. Any ship would be unable to dodge a direct enemy attack from
such a close distance. However, Fraxinus was not just any ship.
Åg???Hm.Åh
The moment <Fraxinus>Åf and <Goetia>Åfs Territories collided, Kotori felt an
unfamiliar floating sensation.
Simultaneously, the monitor connected to FraxinusÅf front surveillance camera
displayed a change which occurred at a frightening rate.
ÅgUaah!?Åh
SomeoneÅfs loud shout filled the room.
In the twinkling of an eye, <GoetiaÅfs> hull was reflected from FraxinusÅf
previous position. Fraxinus was the same as <Goetia> in that it did not move
analogously with the aid of a propeller.
That subtle floating sensation was for the sake of safeguarding the bridge
against that reckless influence and the aftereffect evolving from exerting the
Territory. If the force from a daredevil stunt like shifting an enormous airship
in a split second had not been mitigated, the bridge would have undoubtedly
been filled to the brim with the afflicted crew membersÅf blood and vomit.
ÅgUah! What was that! The screen distorted andÅc!Åh
Kaguya excitedly yelled from behind. Kotori held up the lollipop formerly
contained in her mouth and raised the corners of her mouth.
39
ÅgThis is a new feature <Fraxinus> gained after the overhaul. By establishing
another Territory within the airships, the reactions between them allow for
previously unaccomplished freedom in movement.Åh
As she shrugged her shoulders, Kotori boasted as a sliver of pride escaped
her eyes.
ÅgWell, don't mind me. I'm just pissed off about not getting the chance to get
back at <Goetia> until now for what they did in the previous world. Åh
As if produced merely for the sake of replying to Kotori, MariaÅfs voice
resounded from the loudspeakers.
ÅwNo problem, Kotori, Realizers and spaceships can be manufactured by
anyone. However??Åx
After a momentary pause, Maria resumed.
Åw?only those which win are authentic goods.Åh Åx
Monotonous, electronic sound without rises or falls in intonation. All that could
be surmised regarding her expression had been reduced to a single word
displayed on the main monitor: MARIA. Despite her robotic voice, anyone
who heard it would undoubtedly imagine a young girl smirking with mischief
out of the blue.
Kotori loosened her countenance, looking straight at <Goetia.>
ÅgThat's right, Maria. ?then let us make known to them, whom are provoking
who.Åh
ÅgRoger!Åh
Headed by Kannazuki, the crew members responded at the same time. Yet
one person wrinkled her eyebrows in discomforting abashment. It was Nia.
ÅgUh, but Imouto-chan, is that really okay? I'll admit that itÅfs a bit cool, but that
was just imitating the opposition and not completely overtaking them.Åh
Indeed, her words held meaning. Kotori turned to Nia, deciding to proceed
with answering her. Nonetheless, Maria beat her to it.
40
ÅwWhat is the matter with this person? Does she think that spouting a couple
of complaints would make her seem wise? Åx
ÅgNo, no, no, I didn't mean it that wayÅcÅh
ÅwFoul-natured customers with bad temperaments, if those claimers were to
breed, their children would address them as Monster Parents. That would be
a threat to society, so please stop.ÅhÅx
ÅgUgh, why does it feel like this brat is being so stubborn with only me?Åh
Nia unconvincingly furrowed her brows as she stated so. Kotori could not help
but shrug her shoulders.
ÅgWe can only rely on the pieces at hand now to make a move. Let's deal with
<Goetia> first.Åh
Kotori then pointed her lollipop directly at the image of <Goetia> shown on
the display monitor.
??????
Åg......Huh.Åh
Within the bridge of the high speed mobile airship <Goetia>, Ellen Mira
Mathers composedly sighed.
No, perhaps the word bridge gave off a rather ambiguous impression.
Precisely at the center of an area where various electronic devices and
mechanical units were being deployed, Ellen sat on the space command
module seat, with numerous bundles of wires connected to the complex
circuitry embedded in her attire.
Yet that was the truth. In fact, the ship <Goetia>Åfs particular methods of
operation were entirely unlike any commonplace, run-of-the-mill aircraft. It
could be appraised as EllenÅfs special-purpose, gigantic, tactical Realizer unit.
ÅgThat previous movement?did it copy <Goetia>? I see it looks like the
upgrade affair wasn't a mere bluff after all.Åh
Ellen narrowed her eyes into thin slits as she scrutinized the projection of the
shipsÅf outside surroundings.
41
RatatoskrÅfs space warship, <Fraxinus>, its motorized performance exceeded
the reported intelligence in EllenÅfs memory by far. In addition, there were
other inconveniences?the Spirits staying inside the ship.
If they were to destroy <Fraxinus> just like that, the Spirits would find
themselves being dragged into the discordant clash. The conflict had already
passed beyond the point of reconciliation. In the worst case scenario, the
Sephira crystals could be scattered throughout the vast cosmos, never to be
retrieved ever again.
As a result, it was indispensable for Ellen to retain <Fraxinus> as indefinitely
powerless as its original state was. If they had let the Spirits remain inside the
ship with that intention in mind, Ratatoskr would have been a dreadful force to
be reckoned with.
ÅgWell, never mind that.Åh
Yet Ellen did not expose an unnerved veneer.
ÅgIn a lion's presence, this is but a hare becoming a fox.Åh
After briefly enunciating these lines, Ellen once again propelled <Goetia>. By
means of her electrical suit, the sensory system of EllenÅfs body was largely
broadened in scope. It was as if she had sunk into an extensive ocean of
interconnected nerves fibers. The current Ellen was fully in sync with the
platinum-hull airship. Identical to as pictured in her mind, the enormous
warship navigated through the pitch-black emptiness of space.
An entity which surpassed the mutual symbiosis of Goetia and Ellen did not
exist in this world.
ÅgI'll correct myself. <Fraxinus>??three minutes will suffice.Åh
<Goetia> swept through the length and breadth of the boundless cosmos,
bombarding Fraxinus with barrages of cannon shells. Fraxinus managed to
riposte with considerable effort; however, as some time elapsed, the
difference both sidesÅf reaction times dwindled, and the disparity
conscientiously rose to an insurmountable crescendo once more.
Åg???Fuh.Åh
The countless stars shining in the sky traced a splendiferous trail in EllenÅfs
eyes, inciting a pastel sensation in the woman as if she had suddenly been
placed in a colossal stream of meteors.
42
Despite traversing at a velocity which inspired awe and reverence in the
hearts of mere mortals, EllenÅfs brain could still identify the circumstances
which entailed her present situation. Her consciousness turned extremely
perspicacious as everything around her seemed to become locked in the
impartial passage of time while she alone transcended reality. Nobody part of
this world could even begin to describe the experience of having their senses
juxtaposed with Ellen.
ÅgGenerating magical power, charging duration, not to mention that obvious
locomotive ability?it appears that they are indeed stronger than the
<Fraxinus> of the previous world. Nevertheless, the most crucial strategy
doesn't befit them. What a waste.Åh
As Ellen gave a snort of contempt, she closed in on <Fraxinus> with a
posture threatening to unleash an explosive flood of magic greater than all
that she had emitted until now combined.
ÅgI'll commend you for being able to set foot in my TerritoryÅfs domain.Åh
Afterwards, the cannonÅfs mouth turned towards the direction of the
unguarded body of the ship.
ÅgThose who dare challenge heaven will have their wings plucked?and shall
be scorched by the holy flame like that fool Icarus.Åh 4
A flash of light, the brimming magic that had condensed heavily to its critical
point erupted in a single disgorging flare, surging towards <FraxinusÅf>
direction. <FraxinusÅf> Territory, which was supposed to protect them, had
been remarkably weakened in intensity due to coming into contact with
<Goetia>Åfs??a chokehold that Ellen would not let go of.
Considering the distance and opportunity, the possibility of <Fraxinus>
successfully evading was next to zero.
However??
Åg......Huh?Åh
The next instant, Ellen forcibly held her breath.
4. Refers to the classical myth of Icarus and Daedalus. Icarus fell from the sky after the wax holding his man-made wings together
melted from flying to close to the sun.
43
The cause was simple. Just at the exact moment of impact, <Fraxinus>
instantaneously shifted, and <Goetia>Åfs magical power missile passed
without a graze.
ÅgThis isÅcÅh
Ellen widened her eyes, gazing at <Fraxinus> anew. Rather?she could only
intend to do that.
But at that point in time, <FraxinusÅf> figure was no longer present there. In its
place was a violent shock wave heading towards Ellen.
ÅgWhatÅc Åc!?Åh
EllenÅfs chair vigorously shook, nearly causing her to fall down from her seat.
ÅgWhat's going on!?Åh
<Goetia>Åfs surface was enclosed with a layer of Territory. Even the force of a
meteorite shower would not result in such a severe tremor.
The sole thing that could damage the spaceship was a magically powered
assault. And right now, there was only one enemy ship on the battlefield.
That's right. In every place of the ship's structure entwined a certain variable
substance as <Fraxinus> circled behind Goetia, beginning its counterattack
while emanating a shimmer like that of a polished silver hue. At the moment
that this was affirmed, the observation equipment installed in Goetia sounded
an alarm.
??Reiha detected.
The magical energy observed being engendered by the warship in front was
not made through a Realizer unit??but from the SpiritsÅf energy.
Åg??<Fraxinus>ÅcÅc!Åh
EllenÅfs eyes were furiously overwhelmed with blind rage when the apparent
reality sank in, her voice filled with pure, rancorous enmity.
??????
Åg??Who ever said that we only had one trump card?Åh
44
Kotori shifted her gaze towards the enemy ship displayed on the monitor as
she wiped the cold sweat on her forehead with her sleeve. The opposition
had suffered a direct hit from the magic cannon, exposing the armored
interior of the high speed warship.
Presently, Kotori profoundly leaned on the captain's seat, with several
electrodes attached to all over her body and extending from the chair.
No, that wasn't the entire case. Behind her seat stood an upright cylindrical
device, and the Spirits currently placed their hands on top of the piece of
apparatus.
Åg??Great job, everyone. My spirit power alone wouldn't have been nearly
enough.Åh
ÅgNo problemÅc I'm delighted that I could help.Åh
ÅgKaka! United, we are invincible!Åh
ÅgAssent. Nobody is able to oppose us.Åh
The Spirits gladly replied to Kotori.
ÅgAt this rate, our powers are going to mix together! We'll become one! Ah,
what bliss!Åh
ÅcWell, among them was a girl who was overjoyed at an entirely different
matter compared to what the others had in mind.
In spite of that, with everyone's cooperation, they had indeed avenged the
defeat during their previous battle with <Goetia>.
??System Blot. 5
This was Fraxinus EXÅfs newly picked up trump card.
Similar to the spirit-powered cannon Gungnir, its fuel was directly supplied by
Spirits and allowed the Territory to obtain unimaginable power within a short
amount of time.
5. Blot (ÉuÉçÅ[Ég) was a Norse pagan sacrifice to the Norse gods, the spirits of the land, and maybe even someone's ancestors. The
sacrifice often took the form of a sacramental meal or feast.
45
Naturally, since a sealed Spirit would require imposing a specific backflow in
their bond with Shidou if they wished to release a fixed amount of energy,
Kotori would have preferred not to use the mechanism at all. Nevertheless, in
usage, its output strength was unquestionably monumental.
Not to mention the amassed energies of five Spirits?Kotori, Yoshino,
Kaguya, Yuzuru, and Miku?were being utilized at the moment.
The current <Fraxinus> could not be considered as a warship anymore.
To be accurate??it was a bullet which possessed determination and free
will, striding across the expanses of outer space.
ÅgHow regretful, even though RatatoskrÅfs Realizer unit capabilities are slightly
more superior, we had to resort to foul play in the end.Åh
As a matter of fact, whether they had reversed the gap between both partiesÅf
actual strengths was difficult to say.
But?
ÅgWe've won this moment. Bite the dust, world's strongest Wizard.Åh
Kotori erected her thumb and pointed it downwards afterwards.
As if in concert with her gesture, <Fraxinus> fired another couple of magic
cannon shells, which impaled Goetia, its reactions sluggish after suffering the
previous attack.
The conceited, self-proclaimed strongest platinum warship spewed out black
smoke on its descent towards the EarthÅfs surface.

47
??????
ÅgUaaaah!Åh
Shidou tightly grasped <Haniel> with both hands, having transformed the
broom into <Michael> as he speeded through the Territory.
Numerous Bandersnatches had already emerged around Mukuro, and the
two sides became engaged in tangled warfare and skirmishes. Mukuro waved
<Michael> while repelling the approaching humanoid machines by using
flaring rays of light and showers of meteorites.
A golden opportunity; moreover, what was even more satirical was the fact
that most of DEMÅfs robots were completely ignoring ShidouÅfs existence in the
fray. Of course, the <Bandersnatch> units were not allies of Shidou and the
others, nor did they agree to a temporary ceasefire. The few units to which
Shidou came too close for comfort, however, did respond by launching
offensives.
However.
Åg??Hah!Åh
Before the BandersnatchesÅf attacks could hit their target, Tohka had leaped
in front of Shidou and was already hacking away at the mechanical droids
with her broadsword <Sandalphon>.
ÅgGo, Shidou!Åh
ÅgUn!Åh
As Shidou charged at the opening Tohka had created, he seized the chance
to quickly forge ahead to MukuroÅfs side with the intention of inserting the tip of
the key into her body.
Åg<Michael>...!Åh
Yet, just as she touched the frame of <Michael>.
Åg??<Unlock -R?taibu >.Åh
MukuroÅfs tranquil voice pulsated, a miniature gate opened before the
<Michael> that Shidou had previously extended, forcefully sucking its tip
inside.
48
ÅgWhaÅc huh!?Åh
Åg??Did thou verily believe the waxing foes would beget Muku to pretermit
espying the unsavory thee?Åh
With an incisive look, Mukuro stared at Shidou, heaving <Michael> upwards
at the same time. Conforming to this action of hers, coalescing particles of
light emanated from <Michael>Åfs end.
ÅgShidou! Run for it!Åh
ÅgKuhÅcÅc!Åh
Shidou tensely held his breath and decided to escape from there.
But??it was too late. MukuroÅfs <Michael> had already emitted several
beams of burning light before Shidou could even lengthen the distance
between them.
ÅgShidou!Åh
Åg??Hm?Åh
However, Mukuro uttered a baffled groan.
A huge volitant object gliding from the right had obstructed MukuroÅfs assault.
Needless to say, even with the coverage of FraxinusÅf Territory, guarding
against a SpiritÅfs attack with mere fragments of metal was a downright
impossibility. It appeared that plates of armor from the nearby spaceship
battle had drifted over to their location. But this had only defended against the
laser beam direct attacks. The metallic scraps which had withstood MukuroÅfs
attacks abruptly sent Shidou crashing backwards due to the sheer might and
pressure.
ÅgGuahÅc ugh!Åh
ÅgA-Are you okay, Shidou!?Åh
Unsure of how far he had been pushed away from Mukuro, the plate of armor
finally stopped with a wobble. It looked like Tohka had caught up to Shidou
and brought the piece of metal to a painstaking halt.
ÅgA-AhÅc Thanks for that, Tohka. By the way?Åh
49
Shidou gently placed his hand on the metallic plate which had conveniently
protected him.
ÅgIt's such a coincidence for this piece of metal to float right between Mukuro
and??Åh
Speaking until that point, Shidou suddenly stopped his words.
ÅgEhÅc?Åh
He saw a certain something inside that segment of plated armor.
??????
Åg......Fuh. Besmirched vermin hath been ridded of.Åh
Vacantly gazing at the universe which had undergone an influx of metallic
projectiles with those hollow eyes of hers, Mukuro heaved an unemotional
sigh.
The piles of machinery scrap irregularly floating throughout the space
surrounding Mukuro gradually began to reassemble into humanoid robots.
Each of them directed hostility towards Mukuro, although only to have their
eliminations meted out by her afterwards.
Mukuro snatched a piece of levitating plate armor and attentively scrutinized
the item.
ÅgGreat deals of absurd visitants today. HmmÅcÅh
She tossed aside the robotsÅf mechanical brains and looked beyond.
ÅgNone could rival thee, Shidou.Åh
There stood a teenage boy whose pupils ignited with a staunch, determined
flame, along with a young girl who stood in between them to protect him.
ÅgForswearing thy laboriously recuperated life so rathely? Such a fortuity haps
not twice.Åh
Mukuro firmly gripped onto <Michael> as she vocalized. Beads of cold sweat
dripping from his forehead, Shidou fixed his passion-kindled eyes onto her.
ÅgI won't run away. I've said it before, but I'll be opening that heart of yours.Åh
50
ÅgThy hypocrisy is like a maze lest I be snared; Muku said thus heretofore
withal.Åh
As she retorted so while half-opening her eyes, Mukuro motioned to the
environs with stretched hands.
Åg??In that contingency, what decide thou? Dost thou desire to persist with
frittering away these iron marionettes? Thou art no longer capable of pulling
off any more crafty shifts.Åh
ÅgSo what??even if they're disintegrated, they can still be used.Åh
Shidou curled the corners of his lips, lifting up the pseudo-<Michael> in his
hands. As if in response to this, the scattered humanoid parts flew towards
Mukuro like small aerolites.
However, that was not all.
ÅgTohka!Åh
ÅgUn!Åh
Accompanying that fervent shout, Shidou and the girl swiftly darted towards
Mukuro together with the innumerable projectiles.
?They intended to corner Mukuro into revealing a hidden weakness by using
the driving momentum of the combined attack.
ÅgNayÅcÅcÅh
Mukuro immediately denied that idea which surfaced in her mind, narrowing
her eyes as she did so.
ÅgHaaaaa!Åh
And as if to disrupt MukuroÅfs thought process, the girl mightily wielded the
great sword with a piercing shriek which threatened to lacerate her.
Despite that, this attack was not meant to be a devastating blow which would
slash MukuroÅfs body. Not even the slightest hint of bloodlust could be
perceived from the girlÅfs sword technique. A companion of Shidou who had
made a promise to help him save other Spirits would never actually slice her
into two halves.
51
Such an attack could be easily blocked. Mukuro forcefully held onto
<Michael>.
Åg----Åh
However, the moment before she received the blade, Mukuro had her body
dodged aside and brushed past the attack.
ÅgUwah!?Åh
Thinking that Mukuro would evade her attack before it even came close, the
girl unexpectedly staggered forward. Mukuro gave the girlÅfs shoulders a kick,
rendering her completely off balance and even spinning considerably due to
the rotation.
In an instant, a gate opened in the space behind Mukuro, and <Michael>Åfs tip
could be seen extending out at a high speed.
ÅgWhat----?Åh
A panicked wail escaped ShidouÅfs lips?shifting his vision inside, a stupefied
expression appeared on ShidouÅfs face as he held onto his <Michael> with
both hands.
As Mukuro had anticipated, the tip of ShidouÅfs <Michael> had been engulfed
by the portal-like gate which rifted across the void of space.
ÅgAs foreseen.Åh
Mukuro let out a hum.
Drawing MukuroÅfs attention through numerous projectiles, TohkaÅfs attacks,
and even opening a gate with <Michael> in order to dimensionally connect
the spaces beside him and behind Mukuro??if ShidouÅfs duplicate of
<Michael> possessed power which paralleled the original, there would be no
doubt that he would think of such a plan.
In reality, this was dexterously utilizing an angel's unique characteristic; a
very pragmatic move.
?However, that strategy would not work against an opponent who genuinely
wielded the angel and knew very well the ins and outs of its abilities.
ÅgRemorseful forsooth. With this, thy quietus.Åh
52
Mukuro laconically verbalized and thrusted the key-shaped staff in her hands
into the gate which Shidou had opened. The tip of the key extorted Shidou
out of the space which had been distorted by the power of an angel. This
way, everything would come to an end. Even for Shidou, if the functionality of
his body was sealed, he would not be able to move even a muscle.
But as <Michael>Åfs spike was just about to stab his body?
ÅgHyaa!Åh
An unrestrained yell resounded as ShidouÅfs body rapidly shrank, transforming
into the petite figure of a young girl with unkempt hair and a displeased
grimace showing on her face. She hugged her own head as if to dodge
MukuroÅfs attack while uttering with a voice which contrasted her actions.
ÅgN-N-Now, Shidou!Åh
Åg?Hm?Åh
The unpredicted change in circumstances startled Mukuro, causing her to
suddenly broaden her eyes at the events unfolding before them. And at that
exact moment, she sensed an unexpected presence appearing behind her.
Åg......Huh?Åh
Mukuro looked back. Not knowing when or how, she discovered Shidou
standing right at her back with <Michael> grasped in his hands.
ÅgInconceivable. What art thou?Åh
Åg?I'm just a random high school student.Åh
Quick with his words, Shidou swiftly lunged forward with <Michael>.
The keyÅfs end impaled the vulnerable MukuroÅfs chest.
Exactly when, how, and whence; each of these doubts frantically slalomed
around MukuroÅfs head. Even so, they were sustained for a mere few
seconds.

54
Åg...... <Unlock-R?taibu>!Åh
Coinciding with ShidouÅfs voice, he rotated the <Michael> punctured in
Mukuro.
ÅgAh????Åh
In a fleeting split second, Mukuro felt the entirety of her innermost being,
which had been sealed for what seemed like an eternity, as if it had been
instilled with a coruscating kaleidoscope of fallacious illusions.
??????
ÅgFuh??Åh
Åg??Haaaa!Åh
OrigamiÅfs <Einherjar> and ArtemisiaÅfs laser saber traded ferocious slashes
with each other one after another, erratically dispersing glitters of magic
throughout the dusky cosmos.
ÅgKuhÅcÅcÅh
The critical strikes of the saber as it meandered around her spear battered
OrigamiÅfs arms. It was not difficult for one to perceive that each and every
blow executed by her opponent bore persistent killing intent and unswerving
might.
But Origami was not blithely and thoughtlessly receiving attacks. The present
Origami could now exert a never before used combat tactic.
Åg??<Metatron>!Åh
With a loud shout, scores of wing-like feathers manifested on OrigamiÅfs back.
Each of them appeared to be flying with different wills of their own.
Afterwards, the entire front ends of these plumes aimed at Artemisia, setting
her as their target and discharging blinding rays of light together.
ÅgOh.Åh
Artemisia lightly exclaimed, soon swaying her slender body to evade the
assault.
ÅgYouÅfre not getting away.Åh
55
Origami fixed her eyes onto Artemisia in a sharp stare, transmitting
instructions through her mind to the <Metatron> soaring in space. Following
this directive, half of the feathers fanned out behind Artemisia, emitting a
mesh of laser beams and sealing off her escape routes. The remaining half
flocked together at <Einherjar>Åfs front end, taking the shape of a titanic drill.
ÅgHah!Åh
The light rays being exuded from the rapidly whirling <Metatron> fused into a
spiral helix, attacking straight at the aligned Artemisia.
Åg??Not bad.Åh
Artemisia gently snickered and narrowed her eyes.
The next instant, the wing-like structures attached to ArtemisiaÅfs jetpack on
her back zeroed in on the gathered <Metatron> feathers and blasted magical
bombardments.
ÅgKuhÅc!Åh
Two light beams collided with each other, releasing destructive shock waves
radially. Nevertheless, the confrontation between both combatants did not
persist for long. Artemisia hurled the laser saber in her hand towards
OrigamiÅfs head.
ÅgChiÅcÅh
Tautly furrowing her brows, Origami retracted her back as she steered clear
of the projectile. However, analyzing this to be an uncommon chance,
Artemisia somersaulted her body using the spear <Einherjar>Åfs handle as a
foothold in order to break out of OrigamiÅfs encompassing net.
ÅgPhewÅc That was a close one.Åh
Distancing herself from Origami, Artemisia exhaled a breath of relief after
magnetizing back her sword, which she had previously thrown, by
manipulating her Territory.
ÅgA combination of spirit and magical energy, eh? How exceptionally
intriguingÅc though I regret to say that now is not the time to be playing
around. A winner needs to be determined??Åh
At this moment, ArtemisiaÅfs words abruptly ceased their flow.
56
OrigamiÅfs face was painted with a flummoxed impression, oblivious as to
what had exactly occurred?only for it to be replaced in a flash with one of
realization once she adjusted her line of sight to ArtemisiaÅfs.
<Goetia>??the great spaceship piloted by Ellen Mathers was currently
descending towards Earth while releasing clouds of charred fumes.
ÅgEllen!? That <Goetia> wasÅc!?Åh
Having always maintained a composed and unruffled expression, Artemisia
displayed a shaken guise for the first time. Knowing better than to act
carelessly, Origami opened her mouth while pointing the tip of her spear at
Artemisia.
Åg??It's your loss, surrender obediently.Åh
Åg............Åh
Artemisia was bereft of speech for a moment before she intently stared at
Origami with keen eyes afterwards.
Åg......Don't be mistaken. EllenÅfs defeat is indeed beyond expectations, but that
doesn't spell mine. That's because our objective today is??Åh
Åg????Åh
ÅgTo bring down Spirits.Åh
ÅgUghÅcÅc<Metatron>!Åh
Instantaneously, Origami seized the opportunity as Artemisia glanced to the
right and issued commands to her angel <Metatron>.
But??she was too slow. The magical power artillery shot by ArtemisiaÅfs
equipment brushed past <Metatron>Åfs attack and made a beeline for ShidouÅfs
and MukuroÅfs coordinates.
??????
ÅgA-AhÅcÅh
A line of vision was hazily obnubilated with nebulous blurs. Oddly nostalgic
sensations as if blood briskly flowed to her numbed limbs. MukuroÅfs bosom
tightened at the sudden transformation of the environment, perplexed and
bewildered as it became enveloped in complete chaos.
57
??Chaos.
Indeed. This matter prevailed as an anomalous phenomenon in itself.
The Mukuro whose heart and soul had been sealed off by <Michael> would
have never been able to even feel such fond sentiments.
??Ah, rather, it was due to this. ThatÅfs right. Little by little, Mukuro had
understood. The key stabbed inside <Michael>. Shidou, Itsuka Shidou.
<Unlock>. He had unlocked it. He had unlocked MukuroÅfs heart. He unlocked
the seal on MukuroÅfs heart. He unlocked the permanent seal which had
forever isolated MukuroÅfs heart. The river of emotions was flowing; it was
emptying itself into MukuroÅfs heart. Mukuro experienced formerly invisible
colors, now vivid with intense hues and animated tinctures.
Indignant anger at having her heart breached unceremoniously; tantalizingly
fascinated by how Shidou implemented a serendipitous plan; and most of all,
a particular feeling towards the person who had up to this point relinquished
without hesitation all regard for his personal safety in his struggle for
MukuroÅfs sake??
ÅgMukuro!!Åh
Due to the overwhelming surge of a wide range of different emotions, such a
voice reverberated in her consciousness without warning. Since the
synchronous link between those feelings and her mind had not been made
yet, attempting to manage a reaction to that proved to be too much of an
arduous toil. But somewhere in MukuroÅfs head, information being obtained
from her field of vision allowed her to conjecture the current state of affairs.
Drawing near, a ray of light was aimed straight at Mukuro.
What Shidou had referred to was definitely this. But. However. Yet. The
violent bursts of emotions rendered Mukuro incapable of properly mobilizing
her own body. It would take no more than a trifling moment for that beam of
light to perforate MukuroÅfs physique.
Ah, how frightening.
??Fear.
Fear towards pain and fear towards death, a long unfelt terror rapidly
circulated throughout MukuroÅfs heart.
58
However.
ÅgGuhÅc!Åh
The next instant, the built-up fear still accumulating in MukuroÅfs chest was
entirely replaced with another feeling.
Shidou had firmly embraced Mukuro in order to protect her against the raiding
light beams.
ÅgAh??Åh
Åg<Zadkiel>......Ugh!Åh
Accompanying that yell, a shield of solid ice formed behind Shidou, which,
soon afterwards, suffered the direct brunt of a thunderous magic explosion.
ÅgHa...Ugh!Åh
The fleetingly created icy shield seemed to be unable to bear the sheer might
of that attack. With excruciation, Shidou and the embosomed Mukuro were
sent flying out.
Mukuro discerned a mysterious feeling.
When Mukuro ruminated on how the inexplicable warmth which bestrewed
her surroundings until now had vanished all of a sudden, a specific,
indistinguishable force began to vigorously pull her.
It did not take long for her to notice that this force was terrestrial gravity. After
being sent soaring by the impact of the light ray, Shidou and Mukuro were
separated from the fantastic Territory which had been constantly engirdling
Shidou.
If they were to continue in that state, they would plummet into the
atmosphere. Mukuro resolved to utilize <Michael> to open a gate leading
towards a safe place. Yet?her body refused to obey no matter what she did.
ÅgGuh??<Raphael>! <Zadkiel>!Åh
As Shidou summoned, a tornado swirled and wall of ice grew around them.
ÅgAre you okayÅc Mukuro! IÅfll definitelyÅc protect youÅc ugh!Åh
59
After declaring so, Shidou clasped Mukuro to his bosom with even more
strength. Thump, thump; the beatings of their hearts propagated through their
bodies.
Åg????Åh
A certain color emerged from the profusion of emotions.
But before what that shade alluded to could be seen; MukuroÅfs and ShidouÅfs
bodies had already plunged into the azure planet.
60
Chapter 7 - The Unlocked Heart
??Ear-piercing gunshots and earth-shaking explosions rumbled one after
another. Shattering footsteps and auguries of destruction, the accumulation of
matter fell into ruin and collapse, crumbling uninterrupted and performing an
overture which preluded the inevitable end.
RatatoskrÅfs general headquarters were currently being cornered into a
desperate state of affairs. The prime culprit was, without a doubt, DEM
Industries. Similar to Ratatoskr, they transcended all human knowledge and
intelligence and stepped into the realm of the gods. They were the
possessors of Realizer units.
Naturally, Ratatoskr would not have opened their doors to enemies
unprepared. It would not even be an exaggeration to say that their defense
system was the best in the world. Several warning systems which
continuously scouted for foreign entities had been implemented by means of
the aerial guard barriers established through Realizer units. On top of that,
the invisibility camouflage thoroughly concealed the location of the base.
The most important defense tactic for a strategic stronghold was neither to be
an unwavering citadel in the face of any sort of attack nor to be provided with
formidable might capable of routing any enemy raid no matter how fierce.
Instead, Elliot Woodman thought it was to become a hidden fortress
absolutely undetectable by any adversary.
Ratatoskr was per se a secret organization. Since its objective was not
national defense, there was no exigency to advocate its power in neutralizing
the enemy. On that account, their center of operations was not embellished
like a feudal lordÅfs gilded palace, nor was it an emblem of position like the
Ministry of Defense. On the contrary, to be precise, conspicuity would simply
imperil and lead them to their demise.
Furthermore, only a minuscule minority of RatatoskrÅfs personnel were aware
of the whereabouts of the base. Those that were permitted to visit consisted
of merely the aircrafts which maintained the concealment as well. Regardless
of whichever countryÅfs information agency, it was impossible of ferreting out
the existence of such a massive facility at those coordinates.
And apropos this aspect, as RatatoskrÅfs arch nemesis, DEM Industries
should not have been an exception. However, this supposed imperceptible
defense barricade had been unexpectedly broken through, owing to the
omniscient demon king <Beelzebub>.
61
ÅgAlthough I wasnÅft entirely taken aback, I didnÅft expect to be done away with
by such a beauty. No wonder itÅfs you, Ike.Åh
Woodman slightly shrugged his shoulders as he muttered so.
He was a man of around fifty years old who tied his mixture of white and
blonde hair into a single bundle. Despite finding himself in a mareÅfs nest, he
was taking the situation lightly.
Nevertheless, this was nothing out of the ordinary. Woodman was RatatoskrÅfs
highest commanding officer, head of the Round Table. In other words, he was
the organizationÅfs very leader himself. As a result, Woodman had to remain
calm in the face of those events. If the commander were to lose his nerve, the
lack of morale would exponentially extend to his subordinates and result in
the chain of command going out of control. As one of an eminent status, he
needed to adopt a composed and poised smile at all times. Even until his
passing, Woodman firmly held this belief.
Besides, it was true that Woodman had indeed anticipated an outcome where
he would have an unfortunate encounter with an incursion from DEM
Industries. Seeing that WoodmanÅfs former ally as well as present foe, Isaac
Westcott, had acquired an all-knowing demon king, it was not a demanding
venture to predict that the knowledge which he wanted to know the most were
the locations of any unsealed Spirits and his own whereabouts. After all, he
was he regarded as a despised traitor.
For this reason alone did Woodman relocate to his current base, which
possessed the highest-level defense system out of all owned by Ratatoskr.
Åg??YouÅfre jesting. Isaac isnÅft one to think something over much. He is,
however, a child who wishes to flaunt his newly received toy to you, his old
friend.Åh
The woman who was standing next to Woodman and appeared to be of North
European origin with tied up blonde hair insipidly said so. Her elegant blue
eyes glanced at Woodman through her fine lenses.
Karen Mathers. She served as WoodmanÅfs personal secretary and was the
worldÅfs strongest WizardÅfs, Ellen MathersÅf, biological sister. Like Woodman,
she had once been a member of DEMÅfs technical staff as well. As such, she
was able to make such precise evaluations of Westcott. Woodman could not
help but ease up the corners of his mouth.
ÅgPerhaps that may be right on the mark. Ike was always steadfast, though
that might be why heÅfs such a treacherous person. Think about it. WhatÅfd
62
happen if he were to wait inside a room full of nuclear warhead launch
buttons with only curiosity plaguing his exuberant mind?Åh
ÅgI couldnÅft imagine how dreadful thatÅfd be. HeÅfs literally a psychopath.Åh
Karen put on derisive look as she stated so. She then lowered her head to
view the miniature device in her hand and raised it back after carrying out a
string of operations with great deftness.
Åg?Escape route confirmation complete. This way.Åh
ÅgAll right, what about the handling of the data?Åh
ÅgNo issues. Of course, if IkeÅfs new plaything pries into it, there would be
nothing we could do.Åh
ÅgIt doesnÅft matter. Well then, let us depart. Issue a retreat command to the
other personnel as well.Åh
ÅgUnderstood.Åh
Karen lightly nodded, soon reaching under a table with her hand and pressing
a hidden push button. In response, the wall behind the table began to retract,
revealing a secret elevator used for fleeing during emergency times.
ÅgExcuse us.Åh
Thus, Karen entered the lift while holding onto the handles of the wheelchair
transporting Woodman.
Once the two had got inside, the doors rigidly shut. After Karen performed a
series of steps on the panel installed in the wall, the elevator began to
descend downwards, accompanied by the muffled sounds of mechanical
gears.
Not long afterwards, the oscillations came to a standstill, and the doors facing
opposite directions simultaneously unlatched. What was unveiled before the
couple was a dim passageway paved with reinforced concrete and extending
straight as if it was unending.
ÅgA helicopter is waiting at the end. Please bear with it.Åh
As she spoke, Karen started pushing the wheelchair down the dusky corridor.
63
But??before a few moments even elapsed, the clattering sounds of KarenÅfs
shoes and the creaking of the wheelchairÅfs wheels echoing on all four sides
suddenly quietened into utter silence.
The reason was obvious.
The silhouette of a human figure came into view in front of them.
Åg??Greetings, Elliot. It seems to have been ages since weÅfve last seen each
other face-to-face.Åh
A man clothed in sable Western fashion, whose countenance bore a
malicious grin, casually articulated so.
Åg............Åh
As if acting in response to the existing situation, the handlebars of the
wheelchair quivered a little. Even for Karen, maintaining an unreservedly
tranquil manner when confronted by such circumstances turned out to be
especially grueling. However, to be able of restraining her own trembling to
such a diminutive extent in his presence, KarenÅfs guts warranted sufficient
commendation.
ÅgIt appears soÅc Long time no see, Ike.Åh
Woodman spoke the name of the man standing in front of them, narrowing
his eyes in the process.
Once flaxen hair which had deteriorated into lackluster, suffuse metallic cast
after beholding various transfigurations of the world over time, along with a
pair of placid eyes as motionless as stagnant water. If all the cataclysmic
catastrophes and everything corrupt in this world were to converge and
forcefully mold a human being, it would roughly look like this. Despite
knowing that this opinion was rather excessive, these offending thoughts still
appeared naturally in his mind. This only implied that the man before him was
truly such a person.
WoodmanÅfs weakened eyesight could at most vaguely discern the posture of
the man even with his spectacles worn. However, that enigmatic voice of his
as well as his murky mien and that peculiar ambience surrounding him told
Woodman that he was once a precious friend who cherished the same ideals
and followed the same path as him.
64
ÅgNever did I think that you would go so far as to await me here. There were
plenty of other hidden escape routes prepared just in case, too. Another one
of <Beelzebub>Åfs ability, I presume?Åh
Hearing WoodmanÅfs question, Westcott exaggeratedly shrugged his
shoulders.
ÅgNo, no, nothing of that sort. To my chagrin, <Beelzebub> was scribbled all
over by one of those Spirits of yours. Finding this place perchance was due to
plain intuition. I merely felt like I would definitely choose this location if I were
you.Åh
ÅgI see. Well deserving the title of my old rival, noisy as usual.Åh
Woodman and Westcott laughed together as if their minds were telepathically
linked.
ÅgWell thenÅc state your business. If you wanted to pay me a visit, the way you
knock on the door of an old friend is quite coarse, donÅft you think?Åh
ÅgAah, my apologies. ItÅfs not that much of a deal, to be frank. I simply fancied
for Karen and you to accompany me back to DEM.Åh
Westcott talked in a leisurely tone. Or rather, from his perspective, this
manner of speaking was perhaps a normal standard, even if it meant the
collapse of an organization.
Neither astonishment nor ire remained on WoodmanÅfs face after listening. He
subsequently raised the corners of his mouth.
ÅgAnd what will you do if I blatantly refuse? Kill us?Åh
ÅgHeavens of course not, that would defeat the purpose of Her Excellency
EllenÅfs absence. IÅfd like to respect your will, and not go against your wishes.
Except thatÅc if you arenÅft willing, then as a substitute??Åh
Westcott shrugged his shoulders, narrowed his eyes once, and extended his
right hand forward.
Åg<Beelzebub>.Åh
He calmly called out that name. In the fraction of a second, a tenebrous
maelstrom eddied around his hand, seething with an inky jet-black
effervescence before finally manifesting in the form of a book.
65
Åg??Come on, wonÅft you entertain me for a little bit?Åh
ÅgHuhÅcÅcÅh
Seeing with his own eyes, the materialized item enshrouded in obscure
miasma, Woodman gently heaved a sigh and placed his hand on his lower
jaw as if fumbling with the bristles of his chin.
His opponent was a demon king. If possible, Woodman would have never
wanted to be faced with such a confrontation.
However?under these circumstances, he could not say such willful words.
Åg...I guess thereÅfs nothing that can be done. You were always an impossible
fellow.Åh
Woodman lightly sighed, abruptly pouring strength into his arms and
unhurriedly lifting his body from the wheelchair little by little. Yet his shoulder
was pushed back down by Karen instead.
ÅgThatÅfs out of the question, Elliot.Åh
ÅgDonÅft worry, Karen.Åh
ÅgBut.Åh
Woodman smiled and tenderly brushed away KarenÅfs hand, unsteadily
tottering forwards.
Åg.........At the most, I still have my left and right hands.Åh
He then whispered in an inaudible voice as he stood before Westcott.
ÅgIn that caseÅc let us begin. Speaking of which, Ike, this must be the first time
IÅfve faced you head-on.Åh
ÅgIsnÅft that so? I am remarkably weak after all. Just standing in front of you
keeps sending shivers down my legs, Elliot.Åh
Westcott extemporaneously ridiculed with considerable buffoonery.
Woodman exposed a broad smile in reply to WestcottÅfs jeering joke and then
drew out from his chest a golden article which resembled a name tag.
66
??????
Although every individual person had differing opinions with regard to
precisely how long their reasoning can endure before senility got the better of
them, reversing the question into how early one became capable of
remembering, I would answer at around five years old.
Looking back, I had always been alone back then.
This was not an abstract question. Nor was it philosophical topic which
evoked self-evaluation. It was pure and unsophisticated; it allowed one to see
the light shining onto oneself. Parents, brothers and sisters?predetermined
existences who were supposed to be there?something known as a family
had not been there by my side.
When I had realized that fact, my feelings?to tell the truth, I could not really
recollect to the extent that I was unable to put into words even the type of
emotion I felt. Naturally, it was by no means one which comforted the heart,
yet this sensation was unlike simple sorrow or solitude. To state why, it was
an emotion predicated upon being deprived of oneÅfs own family; grief due to
having experienced the warmth of a family; loneliness because of not being
by oneself at first.
I had been alone from the start, therefore defining this feeling as loneliness
was perhaps far-fetched. It was unavoidable as well. After all, children
bestowed with the quiddity of having a family were special. As I was not
special, it was unavoidable. If I had to say, I deemed it closest to a form of
philosophical nihility.
??But again, how long has it been since then?
At a certain point, those days suddenly ended.
For the first time, I obtained a family.
Of course, they were not related to me by blood. Just a married couple, who
had wanted a child, that took a fancy to me and suggested adopting me.
Through what procedure which they applied for my adoption, I could not recall
anymore. Rather, to be honest, even though I still faintly remember the words
said to me by the staff, my young self then had not really comprehended their
meaning.
Nevertheless, such things did not matter.
67
To me, to the self who had always been alone, this was the first time I had a
family.
This truth held too much of an impact, even causing me to be at a loss.
Father, Mother, alongside a girl who was soon to become a sister to me.
My own family, a family I belonged to.
ÅgHello. From today onwards, weÅfll be your family members.Åh
The instant these words from Mother reached my ears.
Åg??, ah, uh, aahh.Åh
Tears gushed out from the rims of my eyes.
It felt as if brilliant colors were painted into an entire world of black and white.
People who loved me.
People who I could love.
So I swore?to do all I could to love them?to love my father, mother, and
sister.
??????
Åg......, AhÅcÅcÅh
Shidou groaned in a low voice and unraveled his eyes.
ÅgThat wasÅcÅh
There was an impression as if an inconceivable dream had just taken place; a
dream which caused people to cherish yet was rather vague, a dream which
induced sadness, but also gave off tender warmth.
ÅgNnÅcÅcÅh
Within his dimmed consciousness, Shidou felt a slight itch irritate his cheek,
so he wiped his face with his hand.
68
It was then that he immediately realized?those were moist teardrops
dripping on his face, obviously not the volume exuded by a petty yawn. It
looked like they were shed during his slumber.
Åg...What happened to meÅc?Åh
Shidou fiddled with the fringes of his hair as he surveyed his surroundings.
Soon, his blurred field of vision clearly projected objects.
It appeared that he had been sleeping atop a bed. Subsequently, a pure
white wall and ceiling entered his line of sight. This place ought to be
FraxinusÅf infirmary.
Shidou unhurriedly straightened his upper half upright, substantially stretching
his body. His stiff muscles pained him, his joints clacking moderately.
At that moment, the door to the room abruptly flew open, and the Spirits
entered the room one after another, led by Kotori.
ÅgExcuse usÅcÅc Wha, Shidou!Åh
ÅgOoh! YouÅfre awake!?Åh
Filled with astonishment, everybody widened their eyes round. Shidou made
a wry grin as he charged into them.
ÅgAahÅc IÅfve just come to.Åh
Shidou forced a laugh in reply, causing Tohka, who was standing behind
Kotori, to incline her head as if noticing that something was amiss about
Shidou.
ÅgShidou, is something wrong? Were you crying?Åh
ÅgAh, itÅfs nothingÅc I was just feeling a bit drowsy.Åh
Since saying that having a dream had made him weep turned out to be
complicated indeed, let alone the fact that he did not want to make everyone
worry, Shidou made an effort to gloss over it by putting on a smile.
Åg............Åh
Whether Kotori perceived something awry from ShidouÅfs attitude or
otherwise, she exposed a doubtful expression, only to immediately sigh with
helplessness and look at him afresh.
69
ÅgForget about it. ??More importantly, Shidou, is your body all okay?Åh
ÅgEh? AhhÅc I think IÅfll be fineÅcÅh
Although Shidou was momentarily puzzled by KotoriÅfs solemn appearance,
he quickly dismissed it with a gulp. With KotoriÅfs words as the catalyst, his
formerly equivocal, unclear memories perspicuously resurfaced in one go.
Prior to losing consciousness, while embracing Mukuro, Shidou had gone
through atmospheric entry with no more than his corporeal body as a shield.
Even with the added protection of an angel, such insane, daredevil stunt
would undoubtedly result in anxiety and distress for Kotori.
ÅgWhereÅfs MukuroÅcÅc HowÅfs Mukuro!? Is she alright!?Åh
Shidou instantly got up with enough momentum to send the blankets flying.
Fortunately, with <Zadkiel>Åfs and <Raphael>Åfs safeguard, along with the
healing from <Camael>Åfs recovery ability, there were no more conspicuous
wounds on ShidouÅfs body. However, due to losing consciousness before
even landing on the EarthÅfs surface, Shidou was unable to confidently
ascertain MukuroÅfs welfare.
Afterwards, Kotori let out an untimely guise and began to speak.
Åg??Unknown, when we found you, any traces of Mukuro had already
disappeared. Of course, we did consider the possibility of you two getting
separated when you were in mid-air and carried out a large-scale
investigation of your landing siteÅcÅcÅh
ÅgThenÅc could it be thatÅcÅh
Shidou could not refrain from showing perturbed consternation, to which
Kotori shook her head as if to assure him that everything was going to be
okay.
ÅgEven if she got lost or anything, in any case, MukuroÅfs still a Spirit with a
complete Astral Dress. From the point that you were discovered to be safe, it
was proven that she would be as well. Assuming she had regained her
consciousness before you after the both of you reached the ground, she
probably decided that the best course of action was for her to run away and
hide somewhere for the moment.Åh
ÅgI-I seeÅcÅh
70
Listening to KotoriÅfs elaboration, Shidou exhaled a breath of relief.
Åg............Åh
Yet not long after that, Shidou sank into deep ponderance again, gritting his
lips. The fact that Mukuro was unscathed indeed deserving of elation.
However, her taking to her heels and downright uncertain whereabouts left
Shidou at his witÅfs end and feeling powerless.
Shidou silently glimpsed at his right hand, clenching it into a fist??as if to
reaffirm the lingering texture of the key previously grasped in his palm.
At the time of the conquest, Shidou had certainly pierced through MukuroÅfs
bosom with his pseudo-<Michael>, thereby unsealing the lock placed on her
heart.
But in the end, this was only the beginning. Granted that the deadlock on her
heart had been broken, MukuroÅfs absence solely served to jeopardize the
favorable impressions she possessed towards Shidou. Ultimately, he would
have to no more than reawaken her emotions which had been sealed?or, in
the worst case scenario, there was a chance that feelings which caused her
to think deplorably of Shidou would emerge.
And as the pivotal crux that could influence the matter for either good or bad,
during their first encounter, Shidou had already passed out. Although there
was nothing he could do to prevent that, Shidou still creased his face in
remorse.
Åg...Sorry for that everyone, even though you guys did so much for me, yet IÅcÅh
As Shidou uttered so, the Spirits consecutively broadened their eyes in
surprise, shaking their heads with all their might.
ÅgWhat nonsense are you spouting? We all know how great your efforts are.Åh
ÅgT-ThatÅfs right. DonÅft say such things.Åh
ÅgFeeling quite depressed, arenÅft you? Want to rub my oppai? Though they
havenÅft even grown to the level for fondling! Ahaha!Åh
Nia cracked an awkward joke. Droplets of cold sweat formed on ShidouÅfs
cheeks as he forcefully laughed it off.
ÅgEh, can I!? What service is that!! Are you the Virgin Mary!?Åh
71
Contrary to ShidouÅfs reaction, Miku began to wiggle her fingers, her face
flushed with arousal. However, since the subject of the conversation had
started to go off-topic, not to mention inappropriate, Kotori and others
restrained Miku.
ÅgMiku, shut up for now.Åh
ÅgAh~n! Evil!Åh
ÅgHaaÅc really. Well, feeling dejected wonÅft do us any good. Besides, it isnÅft
like there wasnÅft any progress at all. If you really want to repay our intentions,
then start by cheering up and moving forwards.Åh
ÅgA-Ah, yeahÅc YouÅfre right.Åh
Shidou wryly smiled and nodded in agreement. It was as Kotori had stated
indeed. Although brooding over the past was rather meaningless, not drawing
a lesson from the setback and forging ahead would only bog them down.
Even if it was to have faith in everyone who had faith in him, Shidou definitely
could not stay still.
Åg??Ah.Åh
Piecing together his thoughts up till here, Shidou suddenly stumbled upon
something and exclaimed.
ÅgWhat is it, Shidou?Åh
ÅgBy the way, Kotori, what happened to RatatoskrÅfs baseÅc!?Åh
Shidou tensely clasped his fist as he asked. ?ThatÅfs right. Just before
Shidou and the others proceeded to the cosmos, FraxinusÅf home port,
RatatoskrÅfs base, suffered an assault from DEM Industries.
Hearing ShidouÅfs enquiry, Kotori could not help but sigh as she answered.
Åg...Stating that itÅfs in good shape would be a little implausible. The damages
are considerably fatal. WeÅfve no choice but to abandon that base.Åh
ÅgI-ItÅfs that bad, huhÅcÅc What about Woodman-san and Karen-sanÅc!?Åh
Åg............Åh
72
Shidou revealed a trembling expression as he timidly questioned. Kotori then
quietly fished out a scaled-down terminal from the pocket of her jacket, facing
its screen towards Shidou.
ÅgEhÅcÅc?Åh
Unaware of what Kotori intended of her conduct, Shidou was utterly
befuddled. After a few seconds elapsed, the terminal screen displayed
WoodmanÅfs face.
ÅgWoodman-san!!Åh
Åg??Aah, Shidou-kun. HowÅfs your body? I heard that you underwent
atmospheric entry with only your bare flesh.Åh
ÅgA-About thatÅcÅc IÅfm alright. Compared with that, what about you,
Woodman-sanÅc.Åh
ÅgYou can consider me fine. Forgive me for making you worry?oguh!Åh
In the course of the communication, Woodman produced raspy sounds of
dolor. ShidouÅfs eyebrows quivered.
ÅgW-Woodman-san?Åh
ÅgHow does losing an arm and leg classify you as ÅefineÅf? Apart from Åebeing
covered all over with cuts and bruisesÅf, youÅfre beyond description.Åh
A voice not of WoodmanÅfs resounded, which rang a bell crisply, let alone
femininely?it was KarenÅfs voice. Despite her tone of speaking being as
smooth and steady as it always was in the past, for some reason, this time
felt like she could hardly contain her temper.
ÅgHurry inside the medical Realizer unit at once. It is imperative that we
maintain absolute stability immediately.Åh
Woodman forced a chuckle and looked at Shidou.
ÅgSorry about that. IÅfd prefer to chat with you for a little longer but, as you can
see, KarenÅfs already in that state.Åh
ÅgN-Not at all, itÅfs okayÅcÅc Though what did you mean by Åelosing an arm and
legÅf?Åh
ÅgElliot.Åh
73
ÅgI get it; I get it, so stop whining, Karen.Åh
WoodmanÅfs figure receded from the display screen, and the transmission was
disconnected. Kotori shrugged her shoulders and put back the terminal.
Åg??ThatÅfs how it is. At least it looks like they successfully escaped.Åh
ÅgO-OhÅc I still think I heard something rather serious.Åh
ÅgWell, IÅfm troubled tooÅc but those two always try to secretly cover it up
somehow and diverge from the topic.Åh
After Kotori gently exhaled a sigh, she revitalized her energy anew and
crossed her arms.
ÅgAnyway, you should get some rest, Shidou. WeÅfll take care of the search for
Mukuro. If, by any chance, we found her and you couldnÅft move, you wouldnÅft
even be able to converse with her.Åh
ÅgAhh, I understandÅc But I wonder where in the world Mukuro wentÅcÅh
ÅgWe wouldnÅft be in such a mess if we knew that. With that <Michael> of hers,
she can go pretty much anywhere she wants. Maybe sheÅfs already gone to
some unknown part of the cosmos, or perhaps by some mishap sheÅfs waiting
somewhere in the vicinity??Åh
At that exact instant, the moment her words reached this point, KotoriÅfs voice
was abruptly interrupted.
Her eyes dilated into perfect circles, soundlessly gazing in ShidouÅfs direction.
ÅgEh? W-WhatÅfs wrong, Kotori? Is there somethingÅc ??!?Åh
Shidou felt a wave of cynicism overcome him when he asked with a slanted
head??only to have his voice suspended like how KotoriÅfs voice had been a
few moments ago. No, to be even more precise, it was due to the bewildering
befuddlement that he had no other choice but to forcibly hold his breath and
cease his speech.
Nevertheless, this was only to be expected. After all, without any warning, two
hands had swished and extended outwards from behind Shidou, embracing
his shoulders with a shrill chirrup afterwards.
74
The supernatural phenomenon rendered ShidouÅfs stiffened body fully numb
till he could at most barely manage to turn his head back to get a glimpse of
who, or what, was behind him.
ÅgEhÅcÅc?Åh
Immediately as he braved his fear, Shidou caught sight of the facial features
of a girl who had, unbeknownst to him, presented herself there. She had a
dumbfounded expression and her eyes wide open.
Åg??Hueh, me seems thou hast procured cognizance.Åh
Vociferating so, the corners of the girlÅfs mouth eased up. Visible through her
elegant long hair was a pair of glistening eyes shimmering with a resplendent
golden radiance and exhibiting a joyous semblance.
ShidouÅfs train of thought was briefly thrown into disarray for a moment.
However, it was under no circumstances the result of the girl suddenly
appearing without even the mention of a single passing greeting. In lieu of
that, it resulted from his brainÅfs utter inability to integrate the portrayal of the
same girl he knew of with the current girl whose face was painted with a
joyful, passionate, and simply happy expression.
Yet there was no mistake; the girl who entered the picture there was??
ÅgM-MukuroÅcÅc!?Åh
The Spirit who had battled against Shidou in the cosmos, Hoshimiya Mukuro,
had unwittingly emerged from a gate opened in plain mid-air, coiling her arms
above ShidouÅfs shoulders.
ÅgWhaÅcÅc!?Åh
ÅgW-Why is Mukuro hereÅc!?Åh
ÅgPanic. How did this come to be?Åh
Shortly following Shidou, the Spirits expressed their astonishment one by
one. They each gave a gravelly exclamation of ÅeHuh?Åf around the room.
Afterwards, Mukuro examined everybody, who stood on one side, but
instantly shifted her line of vision away and teased ShidouÅfs cheeks like
playful whispers.
75
ÅgTo have the temerity to let Muku bide for thee, what a loathly man. No
matter, Muku permits thee, thou who inspirited mine heart to such heights.Åh
ÅgHahÅcÅc., EhÅcÅc, WhaÅcÅc?Åh
Wherefore is thy visage begrimed with chariness? Hehe, endearing man.Åh
Åg......!?Åh
Mukuro enunciated intimately sweet verses while giving ShidouÅfs nose a
pinch or two. Dumbstruck, Shidou felt as if his senses had been hypnotized
under a spell. This was no surprise, for in his opposition was a Spirit who had
once ruthlessly dropped a meteor shower on him without a second thought.
To have her attitude soften within such a short period of timeÅc no, soften
failed to serve it justice. Claiming that she was another person with an
identical face would have been more convincing. Tohka and Kotori, too, were
speechless as a result of the drastic disparity in behavior.
ÅgAh??Åh
Shidou knitted his brows, trying to outline the cause of this change.
ÅgCould it be that this is because the lock on your heart was unsealedÅcÅc?Åh
Åg......!Åh
Hearing ShidouÅfs conjecture, the other Spirits widened their eyes in surprise
one after another.
ThatÅfs right. Comparing the moment he met her in outer space and the
present, if anything were to have happened in between these two points in
time, it would have to be the incident where Shidou had unlocked the seal on
MukuroÅfs heart.
In accordance with ShidouÅfs memory, the once austerely expressionless, but
now scintillatingly vibrant girl was no longer her old self. This must be how her
true nature had originally been before the sealing incident. No, even if that
was the case, somehow it seemed like Mukuro was behaving excessively
enamored with Shidou. Cold sweat began to form on ShidouÅfs forehead as he
asked.
ÅgM-MukuroÅcÅc? Why have you become so friendly all of a sudden? Or what
made you want to get close to me? Um, IÅfm not saying that itÅfs a bad thing,
uh, itÅfs a good thing actuallyÅcÅcÅh
76
ÅgHueh?Åh
Mukuro let out an incomprehensible expression for a short while, replying
afterwards.
ÅgIs being ensorcelled by Nushi-sama, thou who followed Muku to the
universeÅfs ends and did her liberation, such an aberrant affair? Contrariwise,
Muku knows but an unchivalrous, malapert, contumelious man whose mouth
is bestowed with troths of saving Muku and imparting her happiness.Åh 1
ÅgUguÅcÅcÅh
The reality was indeed as she had said.
From ShidouÅfs perspective, before he made a firm resolution to save the
Spirits, he had undergone a diversity of entangling predicaments and
distressing situations. On the other hand, from MukuroÅfs perspective, he was
an ÅeI love youÅf-shouting philanderer who had appeared in front of her out of
nowhere.
ÅgPardon, pardon. Nushi-sama is too adorable, irresistible to chaff.Åh
Seeing Shidou utterly perplexed, Mukuro cheerfully giggled.
ÅgMy whilom pronouncements cozen not. In the course of the unlocking, what
Nushi-sama apprised Muku of and what Nushi-sama brought about for Muku
hath left her beholden to Nushi-sama for aye. These verses are sworn
indomitably. ÅcForbye, if Nushi-sama were to beseech the impetus as to why
Muku is desirous of thee, then that impetus would be??Åh
Mukuro flexed her fingers as if she was ruminating over and over,
immediately clenching them with a clap afterwards.
Åg??Paradoxical, I surmise.Åh
Åg......Hey, hey.Åh
Shidou was forced to sigh at MukuroÅfs conclusion. Yet the girl merely
resumed as she transmogrified her manner into a facetious one.
1. Nushi-sama (éÂól) is how girls politely call guys in the Edo period. The closest English equivalent would be something like
milord.
77
ÅgLove, hate, and the like; once felt, exist verily as that. ÅeParadoxicalÅf??
ostends the similitude Nushi-sama and Muku partake.Åh
ÅgSimilitudeÅcÅc?Åh
Towards the unclear divulgence whose meaningful significance was illdefined,
Shidou tilted his head in confusion. However, possessing good
intentions towards oneself and cherished beloveds was nothing rare, and
some kind of close-knit intimacy towards Shidou had blossomed within
Mukuro. When Shidou was giving thought to this idea, Mukuro sincerely
chuckled and continued.
ÅgThat is the essence. Nonetheless, Nushi-sama. Prithee, plight thy troth to
Muku evermore.Åh
ÅgTroth?Åh
ÅgHueh. Nushi-sama pledged thus himself. To impart Muku happiness, thus
claim Muku as thy flesh slave. ÅcIn deliberation, Muku fathoms not the
vocable Åeflesh slaveÅf. Couldst thou enlighten Muku?Åh
Mukuro spoke so without the slightest apprehension and grasp of the weight
her words were about to cause. All the Spirits dropped their jaws, furrowing
their eyebrows as the flabbergasting sentences entered their ears.
ÅgWhaÅcÅc!?Åh
ÅgShidou, is this true?Åh
ÅgA-About thatÅcÅh
ÅgUwahÅcÅc a pervertÅcÅcÅh
ÅgI-ItÅfs not what you think! ItÅfs a misunderstandingÅc though maybe this doesnÅft
count as one, but thereÅfs a perfectly valid reason for thisÅcÅcÅh
ÅgWait a moment. May I disturb you for a minute, Mukuro?Åh
Just as Shidou intended to continue to provide an explanation for his actions,
Kotori, standing in front, interrupted his speech. Mukuro exposed a
confounded expression as she looked at Kotori.
Åg......Hueh? Speak thy mind.Åh
78
ÅgItÅfs a pleasure to meet you for the first time. IÅfm ShidouÅfs younger sister,
Kotori.Åh
ÅgHohoÅcÅc? In such circumstance, what honorable proceeding brings thee to
Muku?Åh
ÅgShidouÅfs condition isn't very well right now. Mukuro, the injuries he suffered
from hugging you while falling haven't fully recovered yet. ?Of course, the
promises he made to you are nothing short of the truth. ...Though we'll leave
the flesh slave part as an entirely different matter, ShidouÅfs serious about
saving you. But if you could wait a little longerÅc ah, a day would be plenty.Åh
ÅgHueh.Åh
Listening to KotoriÅfs statements, Mukuro lightly hummed in a low tone.
Afterwards, she fumbled with her chin as she happily relaxed the corners of
her mouth.
ÅgThus it is, thus it is. Wounded by MukuÅfs obliquitous hand, eh? Unhelpable in
sooth, thus must wait tomorrow, true?Åh
ÅgThat's right, thank you for understanding! If possible, we'd like you to stay
here and rest until then??Åh
ÅgThou needn't trouble thyself.Åh
Mukuro spread her palms as if to mask KotoriÅfs voice.
The next instant, Mukuro loosened her bosom and embraced Shidou by his
shoulders, unhurriedly leaning her body forwards.
Åg??Thy bond surfeits. Grant Muku allowance as much as thy soul lets to
revel in our merry morrowÅfs tryst, Nushi-sama.Åh
Just like that, Mukuro waved her hand and re-entered the previously opened
gate, disappearing into the void. Once she had set her posture, the gate
began to rotate about its center like a turbulent vortex and gradually shrank in
size until it reached the peak of its implosion, vanishing without a trace and
leaving the wall of the infirmary intact.
Åg.........Åh
The medical room was then covered by a blanket of silence, only for Nia to
cry out a ÅePhew!Åf after a few moments of not being able to withstand the
jumpiness.
79
ÅgThat really gave me a scare! What, so sheÅfs the rumored Mukku-chan? Her
characterÅfs a bit different from what I heard!Åh
Nia shouted as if to exhale all the breath suppressed in her lungs. The other
Spirits soon followed suit, unfolding their tensions.
ÅgAstonishment. Nia is accurate. I believed her to be a much colder Spirit. That
aside, Shidou, explain what this Åeflesh slaveÅf matter is about.Åh
ÅgItÅfs because Shidou-san opened her heartÅcÅc right? AboutÅc the other
thingÅc I mind.Åh
ÅgHnn, but itÅfs so cute. For such a delicate body, a man will always be a man.
Ehehe, DarlingÅfs taste isnÅft so bad.Åh
Åg......Miku, naughty. Not that Shidou is any better.Åh
ÅgNo! ItÅfs all because of those choices!Åh
Everyone faced Shidou with deadly stares. Shidou feebly sighed, feeling the
remaining warmth of MukuroÅfs temperature on his shoulders, turning to look
at Kotori afterwards.
Åg??Kotori.Åh
ÅgYeah, yeah. Although it pains me to say so, IÅfll arrange your plans for
tomorrow. After RatatoskrÅfs had been renovated, we installed a new facility
different from the previous medical capsule. Get some rest over there for
today.Åh
ÅgA new facility? WhatÅfs changed?Åh
ÅgNo telling, itÅfs a surprise. But I can guarantee the results. YouÅfll be there until
tomorrow for a full recovery.Åh
Kotori hugged her arms as she said so. Shidou nodded in agreement and
resumed.
ÅgAlright, I understand. ??Thanks, Kotori.Åh
ÅgHa? W-Why are you thanking me?Åh
ÅgEh? Well, didnÅft you delay it for another day in consideration for my bodyÅfs
condition?Åh
80
ÅgWhaÅcÅc!Åh
When those words came out of ShidouÅfs mouth, KotoriÅfs face immediately
flushed bright red.
ÅgW-What are you saying! ThatÅfs just because preparations for support have to
be made!Åh
Kotori shook her head left and right in a flurry to lessen the color of her
cheeks. Seeing her in such a state, both Kaguya and Nia smirked evilly.
ÅgHoh hoh~Åh
ÅgImouto-chan is as always proud and charming like those in the books.Åh
ÅgA-Anyway! TomorrowÅfs the decisive battle! Make sure your body is
shipshape by then!Åh
Kotori pointed at Shidou with great vigor, walking out of the infirmary without
another word afterwards.
Gazing after KotoriÅfs receding figure, Shidou slightly made a wry grin.
ÅgHahaÅcÅc Well, one way or another let me experience for myself that prided
medical facility of hers. ÅcCome to think of it, she left without even telling me
where it is.Åh
As Shidou scratched his cheek while wondering what to do, Miku clapped her
hands once as if to snap him out of his daze.
ÅgAh??, weÅfve used that facility before, so allow us to show you the way.Åh
ÅgUn, I see. IÅfm in your hands then.Åh
ÅgHehe, leave it to me~. HeheheeÅcÅcÅh
Åg......?Åh
A tittering laugh of unknown cause came forth from Miku; at least, it was
unknown to Shidou, who inclined his head to an acute angle in skepticism.
??????
Åg......Uah~......Åh
81
Approximately thirty minutes had elapsed since then.
In an immensely spacious bathing place, Shidou soaked his worn-out body
inside a pool of warm water. Correct. The place which Shidou had been
guided to by Miku and the others was in fact an enormous bathhouse.
It was said that liquid yielded via Realizer units contained accumulations of
magical energy; hence regularly bathing in it has curative effects. The
implications comprised of healing fractures and contusions, alleviating fatigue
on the human body. As an example, it resembled the healing fountains which
existed inside the countless labyrinths and dungeons of RPGs, augmenting
you back to full health once entered.
As a matter of fact, this was obviously much cozier and snugger than being
admitted into a medical capsule for treatment. Shidou immersed his body
from shoulders down in the heated milky-white water, comfortably letting out
a deep breath again.
ÅgI seeÅcÅc This really isnÅft so bad. No wonder Kotori was unnecessarily
complicating things.Åh
Shidou smiled as he relaxed his body once more, looking up at the ceiling
through hazy steam.
ÅgTomorrowÅcÅc. huh.Åh
He then thought aloud in low whispers.
Despite the many past experiences, nervousness was one of the feelings that
would still sure enough surface before a date with a Spirit. The main
constituent was, however, the sense of uncertainty stemming from not
knowing beforehand what kinds of dangers would occur??alongside the
uneasiness of being unaware as to what to do in order to open the doors of
the other partyÅfs heart.
Indeed, Mukuro, whose heart had been unlocked, had become considerably
intimate within a short amount of time; but even so, this by no means
indicated that she would honestly agree to have her powers sealed. If she
had originally been a frankly straightforward, cordial and unquestioned girl,
there would have been absolutely no reason to seal off her heart with her
angel.
Åg...Well, worrying now wonÅft do anything good.Åh
82
Shidou cupped some hot water in his hands and rinsed his face so as to
loosen his cheeks, which had, unbeknownst to him, unconsciously become
stretched taut.
Of course, it was not to say that training his imagination was entirely useless,
but what Shidou genuinely needed to do now was in actuality follow KotoriÅfs
instructions and adjust his body well for the next day. Otherwise, granted that
his body was fully recovered, if he were to suffer from insomnia due to the
anxiety and pressure, thus leading to his condition being less than fine,
everything would be jeopardized and fruitless.
In brief, now was not the time to mull over such trivialities but to properly
enjoy to the fullest the efficacy of the warm bath, which stood head and
shoulders above all others. As Shidou concluded so, in order to bolster the
efficiency of the recovery as far as possible, he now submerged every part of
his body below his nose underwater, blowing bubbles in gulps.
??At that momentÅc
Åg......Hm?Åh
All of a sudden, Shidou wrinkled his eyebrows, owing to seeing several buildups
of bubbles which he deemed as not coming from his own breaths floating
continuously towards the water surface.
Attentively inspecting the warm milky-white pool, one could chance on the
murky silhouette of someone hiding beneath the surface. The appearance of
the figure resembled a crocodile stealthily concealing its body underwater to
catch prey.
Åg............Åh
After Shidou exhibited an astounded expression, the owner of the shadow
threaded their way through the water with a swish and showed themselves in
front of him.
Åg??Shidou.Åh
ÅgUwah!?Åh
Startled out of his skin, Shidou abruptly bumped his head against the bathing
poolÅfs edge. Then, the person who appeared just now blankly extended their
hand towards him with an inscrutable face.
ÅgDonÅft be afraid, Shidou.Åh
83
Åg......Origami.Åh
Shidou recited the name of the girl aloud, simultaneously covering his eyes
up with both hands.
The reason was there in plain sight. The Origami who had made an
appearance right in front of his eyes had nothing but drops of water shielding
her stark naked body.
Åg......Allow me to ask for a moment, what are you doing?Åh
ÅgI want to scrub ShidouÅfs back.Åh
ÅgYou want to do that, yet youÅfre hiding inside the pool?Åh
ÅgCorrect.Åh
ÅgWhile completely naked?Åh
ÅgThis is a custom of public bathhouses.Åh
Åg......Anyhow, itÅfs been ten minutes since I came in to batheÅcÅcÅh
ÅgEver since Shidou entered the pool, there has been an increase of the
Shidonium content in the water.Åh
ÅgShidonium!?Åh
Catching the name of an undiscovered chemical element, Shidou snapped
back at her. In the end, Origami simply approached ShidouÅfs side with
sounds of rustling water.
ÅgWashing your own body when youÅfre injured should be difficult. Leave it to
me.Åh
ÅgN-No need! ItÅfs fine! LetÅfs just assume that I had already been cleaned
before I came in!Åh
ÅgNot clean enough. The fact that there is still so much of ShidouÅfs smell is
proof.Åh
ÅgOnly people with police hound-level noses like you and Tohka can smell
that!Åh
84
Shidou emitted a noise close to a lament, but Origami paid no heed. ShidouÅfs
hands which had been blocking his eyes were instantly seized away.
ÅgWaaÅcÅc!Åh
In a split second, OrigamiÅfs snow-white skin cast light upon his retinas,
forcing Shidou to shut his eyes hastily.
Ultimately, Shidou was still a perfectly healthy male high school student. He
would have been lying if he had said that he did not desire to feast on the
ravishingly alluring unclad body of a gorgeous girl like Origami with his eyes.
Yet, how was he to put it; whether the entire thing was similar to a minefield
fraught with danger or an insectivorous plant rigged with digestive enzymes,
once he was befallen by the seductive temptation before his eyes and took
action, the dire consequences which would proliferate out of control would be
too ghastly to even contemplate.
But Origami provided not even a shred of care for ShidouÅfs unease and
gradually reinforced the strength in her hands.
ÅgLeave it to me. IÅfll lick-......wash your entire body until itÅfs completely
cleaned.Åh
ÅgDid you just say lick!?Åh
ÅgAll right, just leave it to me.Åh
ÅgHyaa????????!?Åh
Origami pulled ShidouÅfs two hands apart in one go, gluttonously licking the
nape of his neck like a hungry vampire. Shidou could not help but wail loudly.
However, right as that was occurring.
ÅgDarling~~~~~! IÅfm here to scrub your back~~~~!Åh
The bathroomÅfs door was suddenly thrown widely open, and Miku, in the
nude, pounced into the pool.
Åg......Ugh.Åh
ÅgUaagh! M-Miku!?Åh
85
Shidou amplified the volume of his voice while he screamed, but to no avail
as Miku swung her wet hair as if she was acting in a shampoo commercial,
sparing no expense in flaunting those striking proportions of hers and smiling
afterwards.
ÅgThatÅfs right! This Miku who has made you wait for a long time is now all
yours! By the way, ahhhh! Origami-san is also here! I could die with no
regrets!Åh
Noticing OrigamiÅfs coincidental presence, Miku swayed her body while
swinging her hips and drew nearer to them. Although Origami did not utter a
word, her face was full of pity for the wasted opportunity as she furrowed her
brows.
Immediately following MikuÅfs trance-like preoccupation, more unexpected
guests arrived at the bathhouse accompanied with a hubbub of clamors. ??
Precisely, they were the other Spirits.
Everyone acted in accordance with their own personal notions concerning all
kinds and sorts of ways they entered the bath, be it happily or rather shyly, as
they walked towards Shidou.
ÅgShidou! Is your body okay!? IÅfve come to help!Åh
ÅgKaka, satiated by the health-giving spring? Allow me to attend to you.Åh
ÅgTranslation. This is due to MikuÅfs appeal for scrubbing ShidouÅfs back, and
the person who resisted with great difficulty to shamefully come here was
Kaguya.Åh
ÅgWho said anything like that!? HavenÅft we bathed together before!?Åh
Tohka, Kaguya and Yuzuru all had only bath towels wrapped around each of
their bodies. Figures and curves which were normally obscured with clothing
were now evidently emphasized in display, rendering one oblivious as to
where to direct their eyes.
Kaguya and Yuzuru seemed to be easily distinguishable from each other like
usual, yet Shidou somehow felt as if his life could be placed in danger if he
said something out of place, so he decided to obediently remain quiet about
that. Was this the so-called soul of language? 2
2. Kotodama or kototama (åæóÏ ?, lit. "word spirit/soul") refers to the Japanese belief that mystical powers dwell in words and
names. English translations include "soul of language", "spirit of language
86
ÅgReallyÅcÅc so noisy.Åh
ÅgShidouÅfs recovery is of the utmost priority. DonÅft forget that.Åh
Åg......So why again did you drag even me in here? This many people is
obviously unneeded.Åh
ÅgAhahaÅcÅc The more the merrier.Åh
ÅgExactly! IsnÅft taking a bath together with Yoshino wonderful, Natsumi-chan?Åh
ÅgTogetherÅcÅc!? T-ThatÅfs tooÅc embarrassingÅcÅcÅh
The next few who appeared included Kotori, Natsumi, Yoshino and her
puppet Yoshinon, all adorned in an array of colorful bathing suits. Kotori was
dressed in a scarlet bikini; Yoshino along with Yoshinon wore sea-blue frocks,
whereas Natsumi accoutered herself in a striped swimsuit which alternated
between cerulean and chalk-white.
ÅgYaa~, so many pretty girls gathering here is such a magnificent sight. Hihihi,
I canÅft take it anymore.Åh
The last one to enter was an audacious Nia, bursting onto the stage without
any shame while completely naked. Judging from her behavior and manner,
this girl from head to foot emanated an ambience which was one measly step
from that of an old man.
ÅgMake love.Åh
Nia swung the piece of cloth in her hand against her butt with a thud. Indeed,
it resembled the bearing of an old man.
ÅgW-Why have you all come hereÅcÅcÅh
Shidou was right in the midst of opening his eyes in protest of the shock when
an arm stretched out from his side, and, in an instant, he discerned the
sensation of something soft and large sticking to his back.
ÅgHuh!?Åh
ÅgEhehe??, didnÅft we say it before~? WeÅfre here to scrub DarlingÅfs back.Åh
Miku bewitchingly whispered beside ShidouÅfs ear, causing huge beads of
sweat to drip down from his face.
87
ÅgT-ThereÅfs no need, I can do something like that by myselfÅcÅcÅh
ÅgYaaa~, Darling~, you-meanie. IÅfll wash you until youÅfre sparkling clean with
this Miku-brand sponge.Åh
ÅgUhÅcÅc, waitÅcÅc!Åh
Miku exposed a perfidious smirk, advancing towards Shidou as the clock
counted down to the finale. Shortly afterwards, in order to curb MikuÅfs savage
lust, the other Spirits all rushed to ShidouÅfs aid one by one.
ÅgI-I say, what in the world are you doing, Miku!?Åh
ÅgShidou! Are you okay!? IÅfll clean your body now!Åh
ÅgThis is paradise~! Honjou Nia engaging!!Åh
Wait, I said waitÅc H-Hyaa????????!?Åh
??????
??In spite of Shidou being rather unable to recall the events and
happenings of that time with considerable clarity, within the period of time
between then and now, every time Shidou caught a glimpse of the messy pile
of clothes inside the washing machine, his limbs would ceaselessly tremble
and shiver as if reliving some traumatic phenomenon, vexing the poor boy to
no apparent end.
??????
Åg??WhereÅfs Ike!Åh
Once she stepped foot inside DEM IndustriesÅf head office, Ellen immediately
shouted in a strident voice without the remotest solicitude for her image.
ÅgC-Chief Executive MathersÅcÅc!? What seems to be the matter, youÅfre
injured??Åh
The employee responsible for receiving guests in the lobby broadened his
eyes as he enquired. Ellen impatiently clicked her tongue, clutching his
necktie while demanding information.
ÅgWhen did I say that you could worry about my bodyÅfs condition? Answer the
question. Ike?where is he right now?Åh
88
ÅgHiiÅcÅc, uh, W-Westcott-sama has already returnedÅcÅc IÅfm afraid that heÅfs
currently in the infirmary.Åh
ÅgI see.Åh
Ellen groaned and strode across the hall without uttering another word.
Even though a few other staff members had heard the tumultuous ruckus at
the front and cast their wondrous sights to the scene, when they had realized
that the owner of the voice was the second highest ranking member of DEM,
chief executive Ellen Mathers, everybody averted their gazes as fast as
possible.
However, right now Ellen did not thoroughly resent such paltry, inessential
moods.
After suffering a crushing defeat due to a tactical error in the battle in outer
space, approximately three hours had passed since the semi-wrecked
<Goetia> touched down on the surface. EllenÅfs state of mind was in a
complete chaotic shambles as myriads of emotions intermingled within.
Hate-filled bloodlust towards the Fraxinus which let her experience a
humiliating disaster for the first time in her life, bitter self-condemnation
towards herself for being careless, along with??
ÅgKeeping that raid of Ratatoskr a secret from meÅcÅc WhatÅfs with him??
Ike!Åh
??exasperated wrath towards her comrade, Isaac Westcott.
Amid the entanglement of these uncontrollable feelings, Ellen got bogged
down in a disposition close to altruism. ??Without even treating her severe
wounds and only using her Territory to inhibit mass bleeding or pain, she had
hurried back to DEM IndustriesÅf headquarters.
ÅgEllen!Åh
When Ellen was domineeringly marching through the corridor, a femaleÅfs
voice resounded from behind her.
Within DEM Industries, only a meagre few were able to address Ellen directly
by her first name. Ellen did not turn her head back but recapitulated the name
of the voiceÅfs owner.
89
Åg......Artemisia.Åh
ÅgI finally found you. After I had gone to the weapons storehouse, I was
informed that you had rushed to HQ. Is your body all fine?Åh
Thumping and quickening her pace, the blonde, ultramarine blue-eyed girl
caught up. Ellen shot a glance at her with eyebrows furrowed in annoyance.
ÅgDonÅft mind me. Or are you here to deride me?Åh
ÅgYouÅfre saying that yourself againÅcÅc Ah, youÅfre injured as I thought. Here,
let me have a look at it.Åh
Åg......Åh
Irritated, Ellen shrugged off ArtemisiaÅfs helping hand, continuing to hasten her
speed afterwards while throwing the door to the infirmary open.
ÅgIke!Åh
Yells which were far more than audible reverberated. All the medical staff
inside the room immediately looked at Ellen. And among them was??
Åg??Why, if it isnÅft Ellen. You sure did return fast. Good work to you too,
Artemisia. The both of you mustÅfve gone through a fairly arduous battle.Åh
Isaac Westcott lightly touched on the topic as he always did in the past,
waving his hand to greet the two.
Åg......Uh, about that matter, the blunder lies entirely on my part. I wonÅft
complain if you wish to investigate further. But, Ike, you also need to provide
a reasonable explanation. For what purpose did you pay a visit to Elliot??Åh
However, halfway through her words, Ellen lost her ability to speak?and
walk.
The cause was simple. The arm Westcott had waved at them started to
neatly severe from the middle.
ÅgWhÅcÅc Ike, that.Åh
ÅgHm? Aah.Åh
Westcott, as if just noticing after Ellen had reminded him, peered at the crosssection
of flesh and bone.
90
ÅgI was magnificently defeated by them. Fortunately, the front half of my
severed arm was successfully recovered, and the cut was quite even. If I
utilize the medical Realizer unit, IÅfll be up and running by tomorrow.Åh
ÅgUm, Westcott-samaÅcÅc!Åh
The medical employees who were currently treating Westcott called out in a
flustered manner. Naturally, such a reaction was to be expected when their
patient suddenly waved his sliced hand around. They were utterly helpless at
their predicament.
ÅgAah, pardon me.Åh
Nonetheless, Westcott merely replied in a tone which did not even harbor the
slightest hint of pain, lifting and placing his hand back at their treatment anew.
ÅgWeÅfll immediately proceed with the regeneration process. Is that fine?Åh
ÅgPlease do so. ??And thatÅfs how it is, Ellen. IÅfm sorry but can we postpone
our little chat until later? Speaking of which, you seem to be wounded
yourself. Go and get yourself healed.Åh
ÅgI-IkeÅcÅc!Åh
No matter how much Ellen shouted his name as if to catch up with him,
Westcott did not halt his steps, entering the handling room without another
word.
WestcottÅfs figure then disappeared from view through the automated white
doors. EllenÅfs widened eyes remained so for a few more seconds before; at
last, a furious expression surged to her face as she clenched her outstretched
hand into a fist.
ÅgU-Um, Chief Executive MathersÅcÅc? If possible, allow me to examine your
injuries??Åh
The voice trembling in fear and trepidation came from one of the medical staff
who had stayed behind.
No ulterior meaning had been imbued in those words. Although they were
instructions given by Westcott, there was no doubt that they were purely
concerned about EllenÅfs condition.
91
However, EllenÅfs present state of mind mirrored a water surface barely
maintaining a state of equilibrium with what little surface tension left. Or
perhaps, it resembled more of the volatile chemical compound nitrogen
triiodide, which violently explodes at the softest touch. Via that tiny stimulus,
Ellen slammed her tightly grasped fist onto the wall with a volcanic eruption of
vehement emotions.
Åg......Argh!Åh
Bang! With such an intense noise, the medic was shrouded in a ringing
silence.
Åc...And what shattered that illusory peace were EllenÅfs tragic moans as she
covered her fist and dropped to the floor, obviously requiring no further
explanation.
??????
??I was taken in by my current family ever since.
Despite not knowing how much time had elapsed if truth be told, within that
very period of time, I had indeed found coping with dissensions that my inner
feelings marked as a nuisance.
After all, the fact that the mother who had given birth to me had abandoned
me was more than sufficient to make me firmly believe that I was worthless,
and the philosophy engendered therefrom had merely managed to fabricate a
barrier that shielded my heart.
I had no way out because I was worthless.
I had no alternative because I had no purpose.
Only through such ways of thinking was I able to deceive myself of the envy
and jealousy I harbored towards others.
Yet, the parents and sister who had suddenly appeared told me that I was
needed.
Hence, I was taken aback, I was bewildered.
Who wouldnÅft be? I, someone who was supposed to be completely
insignificant, became needed all of a sudden.
92
In the beginning, I had my doubts. In spite of saying otherwise, they would
sooner or later discard me anyway.
But with the passing of time, I gradually realized that the only one who
thought so was myself.
Nevertheless, in the course of understanding this point little by little, perhaps I
should say that it was subtle distance between my family and me. The rigid
relationship between us had begun to ease up.
Åc...To be specific, it likely happened when I called my father ÅeDadÅf, when I
called my mother ÅeMomÅf.
??I remembered it to be May, during MotherÅfs Day.
With unspent pocket money in hand, I ran towards the flower shop in front of
the station by myself and bought a bouquet of carnations.
On the night of that day, after eating dinner, I gave the flowers to my mother
as a present, hesitating before saying, ÅgThank you, Mom.Åh
Even though she stayed surprise for a while, tears soon glistened in her eyes,
and she tenderly embraced me.
That stir of emotions was truly too gentle, too warm, too tender.
When I noticed, my cheeks were already streaming with tears.
My father who had witnessed the scene delightedly smiled as well, caressing
my head calmly.
Following closely, seeing my mother and I crying together from the side, my
sister shouted, ÅgMom, Onii-chan, donÅft cry!Åh and rushed to us, myself already
unaware of whether it was happy or funny??only knowing that my face was
bathed in tears and that I was laughing in joy.
??????
Åg??All right. Have you made your preparations yet, Shidou?Åh
Åg......Åh
ÅgShidou? Are you listening?Åh
Åg......! A-Ahh, sorry. Of course.Åh
93
The second day aboard the FraxinusÅf bridge, Shidou rapidly raised his head
with a ÅeHah!Åf as Kotori yelled.
Kotori heaved a deep sigh and narrowed her eyes at Shidou.
ÅgYouÅfre reallyÅcÅc Be a little bit more serious. You are aware of who youÅfll be
dealing with today, arenÅft you?Åh
ÅgGuÅcÅc IÅfm sorry.Åh
Shidou hung his down in embarrassment. Anxiously perturbed, Kotori
furrowed her eyebrows.
Åg......Could it be that your physique hasnÅft fully recovered yet?Åh
ÅgAh, itÅfs not that. My bodyÅfs fine.Åh
Apparently, he had caused her to worry. In order to flourish his rejuvenated
vitality, Shidou substantially flexed his arms.
Indeed, due to the somewhat raucous din, ShidouÅfs memories of after the
bath had become rather ambiguous and blurred, but the guaranteed effects of
it were remarkably outstanding. On the contrary, ShidouÅfs current condition
was even better than he had ever been before.
ÅgItÅfs just thatÅcÅc I had a slightly strange dream.Åh
ÅgA dream? What was it like?Åh
ÅgHmmÅcÅc For some reason, it feels like a matter from the past, yet it
doesnÅftÅcÅc?Åh
Åg......WhatÅfs that supposed to mean?Åh
Kotori returned a dumbfounded look to Shidou. This was understandable
since even the speaker himself did not comprehend it very well either.
Åg......W-Well, in short, IÅfm alright. IÅfm ready now.Åh
Shidou patted his chest. Although KotoriÅfs expression said that she was not
quite convinced, she quickly shrugged her shoulders at her brotherÅfs utter
incompetence.
94
ÅgForget it. ??YouÅfll be up against Hoshimiya Mukuro. SheÅfs still a Spirit who
doesnÅft have a sense of propriety yet. Even though her attitudeÅfs changed
since you unsealed her heart, absolutely do not get ahead of yourself.Åh
ÅgAah??I know.Åh
Shidou bore an earnest look as he nodded. After all, he had been pushed to
the brink of death numerous times by MukuroÅfs hands. Any amount of
precaution or attention was not excessive.
That being said, what currently occupied ShidouÅfs mind was not
apprehension or dread.
Exactly, after everything that Shidou had undergone, he could now finally
converse with a Mukuro whose heart was open.
When he had talked to her through the three-dimensional projection, Shidou
had been outright refused unyieldingly. She had said the seal was
dispensable, and so were friends; simply existing without emotions would do.
Her inhospitable, funereal utterances had once plunged Shidou into selfdoubt.
If he himself were to keep such ardent expectations, would Shidou be
considered as meddlesome?
However, to hope for the genuine, unlocked Mukuro to get along with
everyone??
ÅgIÅfll definitely make Mukuro fall in love with me.Åh
ThatÅfs right. That was ShidouÅfs wish.
The Shidou now had no more confusion. As if to showcase his brand new
resolve, Shidou gripped his hand into a fist.
In response, Kotori, Kannazuki, and FraxinusÅf crew members consecutively
nodded their heads.
With this firmed determination, in addition to the support which assisted that
resolution, all preparations were complete. Now was perfect opportunity to
conquer a spirit.
If any questions were remaining, there would be only one left.
Åg......Say, Kotori.Åh
95
ÅgWhatÅfs wrong, Shidou?Åh
Åg......WhereÅc should we go to find Mukuro?Åh
Åg......Åh
ShidouÅfs words had left Kotori bereft of the same expression, speechless and
eyebrows wrinkled.
In any event, that was par for the course. After Mukuro had drawn up an
appointment with Shidou on the previous day, she immediately disappeared
into the void; all destitute of a detailed time and place of meeting.
With a simple volitional statement of ÅeLetÅfs go on a date tomorrow!Åf no
whisper of news followed thereupon. His face full of tribulation, Shidou
stroked his forehead. In their current circumstances, no matter how much
they steeled their willpower, everything became pointless.
ÅgI-Is it possible that sheÅfs stalling by running awayÅc That couldnÅft be the
case, could it?Åh
In the lower section of the bridge sat a crew member, <Nail Knocker>
Shiizaki, who said so while scratching her face. Analysis Officer Murasame
Reine then shut her sleep-deprived eyelids and shook her head in dissent.
Åg......ThatÅfs impracticable. If she had wanted to do so, she wouldnÅft have
appeared before Shidou and the others yesterday. Believing that we possess
some sort of contact method would be more appropriate. Look, isnÅft another
gate opening behind Shin??Åh
At that moment.
The instant Reine spoke so, the airy space behind Shidou gyrated about itself
like a whirlpool, slowly distorting the gate into a dark, gaping hole.
ÅgEh!?Åh
ÅgT-This isÅcÅc!Åh
Stupefied by the dramatic phenomenon, Kotori and the crew widened their
eyes and exclaimed.
But within these stringed-together sounds of consternation, solely ShidouÅfs
voice was not mixed. No??to be precise, due to the coordinates at which
96
the <gate> manifested being right behind his back, it had already been too
late when Shidou took notice of the irregular occurrence.
ÅgEh??Åh
As such, before Shidou was capable of even reacting towards it, his
shoulders were seized by slender arms which extended from within the portal,
dragging the boy inside.
ÅgU-Uwaaaah!?Åh
ÅgShidou!?Åh
All Shidou could see was absolute darkness as a mere residue of KotoriÅfs yell
that lingered in his ears.
After a split second, what instantly expanded in ShidouÅfs field of vision was a
limpid, boundless sky, alongside??
Åg??Mufufu, the future hath presentÅfd, and the present passÅfd, Nushi-sama.Åh
Hoshimiya Mukuro crouched beside Shidou with a lowered head.
ÅgM-MukuroÅcÅc?Åh
Shidou broadened his eyes at a loss as he uttered her name, only for the
person in question to sunnily smile and reply.
ÅgHn. What ails thee, Shidou?Åh
ÅgItÅfs nothing. Where is thisÅcÅc?Åh
Sluggishly, Shidou made an effort to stand up and survey all four directions to
ascertain his surroundings.
Åg......Wha.Åh
Soon after that, Shidou momentarily ceased his breathing.
Inevitable as it was, anyone would have done the same if they suddenly
found out that the place on which they had been reclining until now was an
asphalt road??
Åg......Huh, whatÅfs up with them two kidsÅcÅcÅh
97
ÅgWhat the hell is thatÅcÅc cosplay?Åh
ÅgHey, did you see some hole open up nearby just now?Åh
ÅgNa~, Mama??, whyÅfs that Onii-san there sleeping in the street?Åh
An endless stream of pedestrians looked on through the crossroads of the
thoroughfares.
The street before his eyes was nothing unfamiliar. This was a place which
even Shidou often frequented and made his way through, one of the corners
of Tenguu City.
Åg......! This is badÅcÅcÅh
Once more, Shidou retracted a gasp. The top-secret existence of Spirits and
their powers could not be disclosed to the common populace.
It held importance, if their movements stood out too much, the Japan Ground
Self-Defense Force AST and DEM Industries would become aware of their
whereabouts. Shidou leaped upright in a hurry and tugged at MukuroÅfs hand.
ÅgM-Mukuro, we need to go!Åh
ÅgWhither?Åh
ÅgJ-Just follow me to somewhere without people first!Åh
ÅgHueh.Åh
Mukuro nodded as if to make a riposte, intending to heave the giant keyshaped
staff in her hand <Michael> afterwards.
ÅgS-Stop! What are you doing!?Åh
ÅgHn? Are we not bound to a desolate clime? Thus <Michael>Åfs succor.Åh
ÅgThat wonÅft do! J-Just tag along first.Åh
ÅgHoh. What obstinacy.Åh
Shidou lead Mukuro by her hand into a small alley, deriving no resistance
from the girl as she followed him with a cheerful face.
98
In spite of the pedestrians in the street sending the two glares of
misunderstanding from the start, their interest was soon lost, and they
reverted to being engrossed in their original matters. Although they had
indeed been curiosity as a result of the intriguing affair, they by no means
wanted to implicate themselves too deep in the interest. Shidou thanked the
city people for their sense of personal isolationism in the matters of strangers
with a gratitude which evolved from the bottom of his heart.
ÅgPhewÅcÅc This should be far enough.Åh
As they arrived in a soulless alley wherein not even a single silhouette could
be found, Shidou finally eased up and smoothed out his breathing.
Simultaneously, a rustle of static noise reverberated throughout ShidouÅfs right
ear, and KotoriÅfs voice could be heard being transmitted from Fraxinus.
ÅgAhh, itÅfs connectedÅcÅc! Shidou, is everything alright!?Åh
ÅgA-AahÅcÅc You could say that.Åh
In order to enshroud it from MukuroÅfs ears, Shidou quietly whispered his
answer. Precisely, he had worn an earpiece for communication ahead of time
so that he could be ready to take measures at all times in case Mukuro
showed up.
ÅgI never would have guessed that she would drag Shidou out of nowhereÅcÅc
I was unprepared. We had the earphone reading fortunately though. The
place you were taken to isnÅft too far off, so thatÅfs a big help. If she had
transported you to the other side of the world, sending an automatic
surveillance camera would have been problematic.Åh
Kotori elaborated while starting to unwind. Hearing her words, Shidou could
not help but grin wryly. As a matter of fact, if Mukuro had really desired so,
dragging Shidou towards an even worse location was not a complete
impossibility. Finding himself in a site such as a street could be considered
lucky despite the initial shock.
ÅgIÅfve some more good news. WeÅfve hurried to look into MukuroÅfs happiness
level??and the outcome was that, unlike the previous, absolutely still
magnitude, we can confirm her happiness level now to be stably changing.Åh
ÅgThat meansÅcÅc!Åh
99
ÅgThatÅfs right. It looks like ShidouÅfs move to unlock her heart is a success. If
we continue to push on without a hitch, the numbers will work out to be
enough to proceed with sealing her.Åh
ÅgI see??thatÅfs great.Åh
Just as Shidou and Kotori were conversing with each other, Mukuro poked
ShidouÅfs face in befuddlement, her face adorned with incomprehension.
Åg??What twaddle prattle thou?Åh
ÅgWaa! A-AhhÅcÅc Sorry.Åh
ShidouÅfs shoulders gave a slight shutter as he turned towards Mukuro anew.
She complacently nodded and resumed.
ÅgCome to phrase, how fancies Nushi-same to impart Muku happiness?Åh
ÅgThis, ehÅcÅc ThereÅfs a lot to do for that to happen, butÅcÅcÅh
ÅgThen acquit thyself of that lot. Tarry not, hie thee.Åh
As if to guide Shidou, Mukuro took the first step.
Yet to her chagrin, her foot was caused to stumble by her extensive hair,
almost toppling over.
ÅgHnÅcÅc?Åh
ÅgUh, are you okay?Åh
ÅgMuku hath long forsaken the footslog yclept of walking. HuhÅcÅc some mire.Åh
Mukuro affectionately lifted her hair, brushing off the dirt.
Certainly, the present environment was nothing similar to the cosmos where
Mukuro had spent what felt like an eternity. This was the Earth. It was a world
where everyone on the ground was imprisoned within gravity. Even though
Mukuro had her hair tied up in a Dango-style, the extent of its length would
prove walking to be tremendously burdensome.
ÅgAnywhere we go, weÅfll need to tackle the problem of your hair first. ??I say,
Mukuro, could you cut your hair a bit shorter??Åh
Åg??Absurd.Åh
100
Just like that.
Once Shidou requested so, the expression in MukuroÅfs eyes sharpened as
she decisively answered.
ÅgThe sundering of mine hair is forbidden. Be their behest Nushi-samaÅfs or of
whosoever, at odds we be.Åh
Åg......Eh!?Åh
At MukuroÅfs reaction, ShidouÅfs shoulders could not refrain from quivering.
That was understandable. After all, Mukuro had been in a sanguinely jovial
atmosphere up till now, but the mood had disseminated with such
concentrated aggression in the next instant.
The siren of an alarm then resonated from ShidouÅfs earpiece; an all too
familiar warning alarm. It signified??the deterioration of a SpiritÅfs mood.
ÅgShidou! Smooth things over quick!Åh
Kotori howled with agitation.
After a few seconds elapsed, as Shidou was at sixes and sevens about how
to deal with MukuroÅfs nosediving happiness, the girl too noticed the alteration
in her manner of speech to a rather deplorable one and continued after a
slight pause.
Åg......TrespassÅfd against thee. Whilst befogged of the whereforesÅcÅc
natheless, Muku swears to do so.Åh
At that point in time, the sound of the alarm had already stopped ringing in his
ear. Shidou deeply let out a sigh.
ÅgI-Is that so. I should be the one whoÅfs sorry.Åh
As he apologized, Shidou darted a look at MukuroÅfs hair. It was a head of
gently elegant, flowing golden hair. This fact became evident to him as he
realized why she cherished her precious treasure. There was a saying that a
girlÅfs hair equaled her life; to think Shidou had made such an indiscreet
statement.
101
That being the case, it would not do to simply let her hair get dirtied with
every step as well. Shidou peeked at MukuroÅfs complexion while suggesting
in utter fear and trepidation.
ÅgBut itÅfll be hard if this goes on. W-What aboutÅcÅc having your hair tied up?
Would you disagree to that?Åh
ÅgHueh.Åh
Mukuro caressed her hair fondly, shaking her head.
Åg......Nay, Åetis no matter if not trimÅfd. How so?Åh
ÅgThat, then??Åh
As Shidou was about to think of something, the earphone in his right ear
began to transmit KotoriÅfs voice.
Åg??Shidou, the choices are here.Åh
Three options were shown on the main display monitor in FraxinusÅf bridge.
á@ Go to a hairdresser to obtain professional help.
áA Have Shidou tie it up beautifully.
áB Prop up MukuroÅfs hair from behind her as if supporting a ceremonial dress,
occasionally rubbing against and licking her.
Åg??All crew members, select your choice!Åh
At KotoriÅfs orders, all the crew members in the lower bridge swiftly operated
their individual consoles, picking the option each of them thought to be
optimal.
Not long after, the result of the vote count was released.
ÅgOption 2 occupies the majority, followed by option 1, huh. The one who
chose 3 wasÅcÅcÅh
ÅgThatÅfs right, it was I!Åh
Once Kotori enquired, the person waiting at the side of the captainÅfs seat,
Kannazuki, spiritedly clutched his hands and replied in full vigor.
ÅgI like an open subordinate. As a reward, IÅfll permit you to sit on an air chair
for thirty minutes.Åh
102
ÅgEh! Can I!?Åh
Having heard KotoriÅfs words, Kannazuki heartily let out an ecstatic
expression, jumping at the opportunity right afterwards by lowering his body
and curving his knees into a perfect ninety-degree horse stance. Seeing him
making a fool of himself, the other crew members forced a laugh one after
another.
ÅgReally, sometimes I wonder what goes on in your head. ??By the way,
Maria.Åh
Kotori called out that name, to which the display monitor generated a string of
the text ÅeMARIAÅf, and the loudspeakers then broadcast the voice of FraxinusÅf
AI, Maria.
ÅgThese choices, were they thought up by you?Åh
ÅgFirst of all, regardless of how the personality and thought process of an AI is
defined, every option is derived from each individual SpiritÅfs statistics as well
as their up-to-date data, not from my own knowledge. ??Though I am
capable of explaining the intended reasoning behind each option.Åh
Åg......Aah, I see. I had always somewhat noticed that there would unfailingly
be a risky choice every single time. Do you have an outline of what thatÅfs
about?Åh
ÅgCorrect. If comprehensive analyses were to be performed on the patterns to
date, all options are constituted using each SpiritÅfs emotions as the basis and
the following three principles: ÅeRegular FavoriteÅf, ÅeOppositionÅf, and ÅeDark
Horse.3
ÅgÅeDark Horse you sayÅcÅcÅh
The abrupt introduction of horse race terminologies baffled her. Encountering
such a method of conveyance marked with overtones of the excessively
wealthy, Kotori could not help but make a wry grin.
3. The three principles are based on the expectation paper (ó\ëzéÜ) used in Japanese gambling. ñ{ñΩ is the favorite to win, ëŒçR is
the opposition that is second likely, and ëÂåä is the dark horse that causes an upset victory.
ÅgYes. If the trends were identical, there would be no purpose in creating
options.Åh
103
ÅgTrue, I wonÅft say that itÅfs incomprehensible, and having a rather uncertain
choice does have its benefitsÅcÅc but doesnÅft this whole thing feel so
disgusting?Åh
ÅgThere is no problem. Even if the first gamble is lost, we wager tenfold so as
to procure enough capital back to ensure a profit.Åh
ÅgI say, did some bastard exploit MariaÅfs calculation capabilities to predict the
outcome of horse races!?Åh
This was definitely the result of learning some unnecessary information.
Kotori was at the brink of exploding with rage, shouting at the top of her
lungs.
It seemed that a few crew membersÅf shoulders had slightly trembled; whether
that was due to purely fearing their commanderÅfs wrath or their secret
conducts in the dark being exposed blatantly, this matter remained to be
investigated in depth. Åc...Kotori vowed within herself to thoroughly inspect
the management records.
In the course of time, the audio amplifier channeled a thudding sound from
the earpiece being lightly knocked, indicating that Shidou was asking about
the solution.
ÅgAah, sorry about that. ItÅfs number 2, Shidou. I admit that leaving it to a
professional wouldnÅft be so bad, considering that sheÅfs still an unsealed
Spirit, having you deal with it personally would be the best option.Åh
Listening to her carefully, Shidou could be seen nodding in understanding as
the scene was shown on the display screen.
Åg??Then, Mukuro, would you like to come to my house for a while? It just
happens that there are combs and hairpins there.Åh
ÅgNushi-samaÅfs abode?Åh
Shidou had responded in accordance with FraxinusÅf directives, earning an
unforeseen stare from Mukuro.
ÅgHueh. Riveting. Very well, all as Nushi-sama settles. Onwards we depart.Åh
ÅgHahaÅcÅc IÅfm extremely honored.Åh
104
Shidou shrugged his shoulders, respectfully bowing his head. For some
reason, he felt like a low servant or attendant when he was conversing with
the quite anachronistically antiquated Mukuro.
ÅgHahahah, how now, Nushi-sama? Thine accentuation amuses.Åh
Åg......O-Ooh.Åh
Whether he had subconsciously modified his tone, Mukuro enquired with a
face full of contentment. Shidou scratched his cheek while forcing a smile.
ÅgWell thenÅcÅc thatÅfs that, but how will we get homeÅcÅh
Shidou stood between two towering buildings as he spied upon the main road
and pondered. Luckily, this was Tenguu City. About twenty minutes on foot
was enough to reach ShidouÅfs house. However, strolling through the streets
with a glamorously conspicuous girl increased the difficulty level many times
over.
The boy was exasperated, only for Mukuro to tilt her head in awkwardness.
ÅgThine ire is but for naught. ÅeTis just a mere homecoming.Åh
ÅgUm, even soÅcÅcÅh
ShidouÅfs pronunciation did not falter. Mukuro then hung her hand over his
shoulder, using her other hand to stab her staff into plain air, which sounded
a click as it was twisted.
Åg<Michael>??<Unlock-R?taibu>.Åh
In a split second, a gate fissured open, wide enough for one person to fit in at
a time.
ÅgWhaÅcÅcÅh
Shidou was struck dumbfounded, yet Mukuro merely charged inside without
hesitation. Afterwards, she protruded her hand outwards to wave at Shidou
as if to hail him.
ÅgH-Hey!Åh
ÅgShidou, just pursue her! The automatic surveillance camera will follow you in!
105
KotoriÅfs instructions were relayed through the earphone. Shidou scratched his
head, girding up his loins to charge into the gate.
His view of the world blackened in an instant, and afterwards, the bedizened
interior of the home he was so familiar with alongside Mukuro, who was
throwing looks of curiosity everywhere with plentiful interest, fell into ShidouÅfs
sight. At the same time he slipped through the gate, it started to noisily
contract until it finally collapsed upon itself and dispersed into thin air.
ÅgHueh, dwell Nushi-sama hither? Bohemian in sooth.Åh
ÅgMukuroÅcÅcÅh
ÅgUn? Whereof?Åh
Åg......ItÅfs nothing. To be frank, you were a great help. ItÅfs just that, could you
refrain from using your angel in public?Åh
Giving ear to Shidou, Mukuro glanced at him with momentary befuddlement,
only to nod later with a ÅeWell, very well,Åf and return <Michael> to the void.
ÅgErgo, Nushi-sama. What for the nonce?Åh
ÅgAhh, come here for a moment.Åh
Shidou directed Mukuro to the mirror.
ÅgHere, Mukuro. Sit down.Åh
ÅgHn.Åh
Mukuro obediently perched herself atop the round stool. Shidou then undid
her Dango-style hair, fetched a comb, and groomed her golden hair with the
utmost care.
Åg......Hueh.Åh
Precisely at that time, MukuroÅfs body suddenly budged, causing Shidou to
freeze his combing hand.
ÅgAh, sorry. Did that hurt?Åh
ÅgA scant prickling. Take not to heart and recommence prithee.Åh
106
When Shidou questioned, Mukuro swayed her head as if wanting more.
Shidou, even reckoning that movement to be cute, wryly grinned and
continued combing her hair.
ÅgThenÅcÅc what kind of hairstyle would you like? I can tie it into a ponytail, or
even twintails would suit you. Any request?Åh
ÅgHuehÅcÅc one shall suffice to stave off a mess.Åh
Shidou creased his brows as he sighed, styling MukuroÅfs hair into the
previous Dango-style once more. Before he had come to know of it, he
believed that this hairstyle was an eccentric hallmark of Mukuro. Afterwards,
Shidou plaited the remaining bundles of hair into three braids.
Although it was a complex task which entailed considerable mastery and
expertise, for Shidou who had assisted Kotori in taking care of her hair
countless times in the past, the assignment was a common routine and all in
the dayÅfs work. Not long after, MukuroÅfs golden hair had been skillfully
weaved into a charming ponytail.
ÅgHohoh! Beauteously effectuated!Åh
ÅgIÅfm afraid that I donÅft deserve such praise.Åh
Shidou bowed with respect, continuing with a ÅeBut.Åf
ÅgEven though that may be so, the length hasnÅft changed much. Is it still hard
to walk with?Åh
ÅgFear not. Behold, Nushi-sama.Åh
Mukuro briefly replied, and then twirled her head around like a performer of
song and dance. Her hair naturally followed the motion and twined around the
back of her neck. So thatÅfs how it was. The worrisome problem of its length
was indeed extemporaneously solved now.
At this moment, light-hearted music came out of the earpiece in ShidouÅfs right
ear.
Åg??Well done, Shidou. Her happiness level has successfully risen to a
degree that makes her previous selfÅfs readings seem inhuman. I guess the
petty tricks wonÅft be needed anymore. Continue to conquer her with real
tactics. Doing her hair is hard to come by, so how about going for a stroll in
the streets?Åh
107
ÅgUnderstoodÅcÅc uh.Åh
Shidou responded in a low voice, sizing up MukuroÅfs appearance
simultaneously. ??A radiant Astral Dress depicting starry constellations;
Her attire would truly attract too much attention from onlookers.
ÅgAhÅcÅc ThatÅfs right. ??Kotori, IÅfll be borrowing some of your clothes.Åh
ÅgEh? Ahh, what the heck. Go ahead.Åh
Kotori perceived ShidouÅfs intentions and gave the okay. After Shidou
attentively chose a suitable piece of clothing from KotoriÅfs room, he went back
to MukuroÅfs side.
ÅgMukuro, weÅfll be going outside for a walk after this, but your Astral Dress is
too showy, so change into this instead??Åh
ÅgOh, all right.Åh
Mukuro retorted to ShidouÅfs voice, leaving the chair with a clap of her hands.
Instantaneously, the Astral Dress enrobing MukuroÅfs body transformed into
particles of light dissolving in mid-air, whereas the wearerÅfs snowy white
naked body was flagrantly exposed. Since the clothes which had been fixing
her breasts in place were liberated as well, they swung out like bulging water
balloons.
ÅgWhaÅcÅc M-Mukuro!?Åh
ÅgWhereof is Nushi-sama abashÅfd? Wert we not bartering raiment? Deliver
them hither.Åh
Mukuro had laid bare her nude body without the slightest effort to cover it up.
Her chest was exposed without any embarrassment. After receiving KotoriÅfs
clothes from ShidouÅfs hands, she closely examined the clothes as if to
confirm its structure before putting on the sleeves.

109
However.
Åg......Hueh?Åh
When she tried to fasten the blouseÅfs buttons, Mukuro wrinkled her eyebrows.
It appeared that its size and measurement did not conform to her body.
ÅgNushi-sama, this garb is unbecoming. My chest aches.Åh
Åg............Åh
As Mukuro stated with an anguished tone, the sound of silence could be
heard being transmitted from the right earpiece. Despite a phrase such as
Åethe sound of silenceÅf seeming rather unorthodox, if truth be told, that was
exactly what it sounded like. For some unknown reason, it felt as if Kotori was
currently right in the process of attempting to restrain a certain unspeakable
emotion with all her might.
ÅgNo, like I saidÅcÅc That isnÅft for you to literally wear. ArenÅft Spirits able to
duplicate something with their spiritual power just by seeing them once?Åh
ÅgOoh, so it is.Åh
Shidou turned back his body before Mukuro took off her clothes and placed
them aside with another clap.
MukuroÅfs body then emitted a shining light which gradually formed the shape
of clothing. With a swish, it became the same design as KotoriÅfs??the
dimensional aspect adjusted to fit MukuroÅfs proportions.
ÅgHn. Much at ease.Åh
Mukuro was satisfied to the fullest, smiling cheerfully. Then, a disapproving
voice resounded from the earphone.
Åg......Huh? CouldnÅft she have done so from the start? Why did she have to put
it on? Huh?Åh
ÅgA-AhahaÅcÅc Well, anyway, letÅfs go, Mukuro.Åh
ÅgHn. Let us.Åh
Shidou forced a smile while hastening to get going, whereas Mukuro
straightforwardly assented with a nod.
110
Afterwards, she extended her hand with a ÅeMuuÅf, which made her look like an
Ojou-sama who dreamed of her own personal assistant.
ÅgThat, this isÅcÅcÅh
Shidou was at his witsÅf ends for a moment, only to then courteously hold
MukuroÅfs hand like a refined butler.
ÅgShall we set out, Ojou-sama?Åh
ÅgHn, hehe.Åh
Mukuro was beaming with joy.
Being able to make her that happy was not so bad. So, Shidou joined hands
with Mukuro, exited the Itsuka residence and forged ahead towards the main
street.
??????
??Roughly six hours had elapsed ever since then. Shidou had brought
Mukuro for a stroll through Tenguu City under the assistance of Ratatoskr.
The itinerary of the date was perfect. They had sauntered down many roads,
entered any shop which caught their fancy, eaten a meal, and gone to an art
gallery Mukuro considerably had a penchant for??that was the route.
Predilection-wise, Shidou figured out that Mukuro preferred quiet places to
lively, bustling locations, Japanese cuisine to Western, and classical
ornaments to modern accessories. When asked if she wanted anything in a
jewelry store, to ShidouÅfs surprise, she pointed to an aureate fan on display in
an antique house across the street. In spite of bearing the mien of a puerile
child at first sight, her tastes were fairly unsophisticated and rustic.
And hence, the clock had struck seven in the night. The early dusk-befallen
winter sun had faded out of the view from the street, and the dark curtains of
evening had already obnubilated the horizon.
Shidou and Mukuro, who were feeling contented with the entirety of the dateÅfs
events, sat shoulder to shoulder in the comfort of the bench situated in a
relatively deserted park. Mukuro flourished the previously acquired, goldoutlined
fan as she blissfully hummed a tune.
111
Åg??Not bad. Within this one day, Mukuro has substantially opened the door
of her heart to Shidou. HeÅfs just a step from being able to seal her now. ItÅfs
ironic how much energy we spent before. ??DonÅft slack and press on to the
end.Åh
ÅgA-AahÅcÅcÅh
Shidou glanced at the earnestly happy Mukuro, nodding his head with a bit of
hesitation.
Kotori must have noticed his expression as she doubtfully questioned him.
ÅgWhatÅfs wrong?Åh
ÅgNothingÅcÅc ItÅfs just as you said. MukuroÅfs very happy, and we can make the
sealing a reality if her happiness level and mood keep rising like thisÅcÅc but
IÅfm just a little bothered.Åh
ÅgBy what?Åh
ÅgUnÅcÅc Why Mukuro would lock her own heart and stay in space all
aloneÅcÅc By that.Åh
That very point was on his mind.
The present Mukuro was indeed filled with joy, and judging by KotoriÅfs words,
her happiness level was steadily increasing by the moment. In fact, merely
through their interaction today, not even a single mishap had occurred. One
could say that Mukuro appeared to simply be a little angel among all Spirit
types.
However, that was not the truth.
The reason as to why she had locked up her heart and soul was truly
unfathomable.
It was a state of being unable to feel; incapable of believing; impuissant in
thinking.
What could force her to sever every single tie she had to the world, to choose
merely existing as a stone endlessly drifting throughout the cosmos?
Shidou could not help but postulate that there was more than what met the
eye about Mukuro, a face of her he had never seen yet.
112
ÅgThatÅfsÅcÅc true. However, the important one isnÅft the previous Mukuro, but
the current one, right? There has never been a reason not to seal a SpiritÅfs
power.Åh
ÅgAhhÅcÅc Alright.Åh
Åg??Hehehe.Åh
While he was having a discussion with Kotori, MukuroÅfs laughter came from
ShidouÅfs side all of a sudden.
ÅgNow it is pronounced just as Nushi-sama foretold. To-day hath verily made
Muku of good cheer.Åh
ÅgHahaÅcÅc IÅfm just glad you like it.Åh
ÅgHueh. Gramercy, prolonging that void of mine heart would in sooth have
barrÅfd Muku from relishing this flavor of life. Howbeit, reflecting back, to have
plightÅfd thy troth for Muku, Nushi-sama??Åh
As she said so, MukuroÅfs countenance became trenchant. Shidou even
thought that his pique had been seen through, inclining his body backwards
to shirk from her gaze.
ÅgEh? W-WhatÅfs the matter?Åh
Åg??Doth Nushi-sama love Muku?Åh
Then, Mukuro let out a mischievous smile while asking so, cute words which
exceeded ShidouÅfs presumptions. Shidou could only chuckle an ÅeAhahaÅf.
Åg......Ahh, I love Mukuro, and I want to protect you.Åh
ÅgEhehe, thus, thus. Nushi-sama loves Muku. Ehehe.Åh
Mukuro concealed her mouth with her fan, rocking her legs as if her delight
was unbearable.
She then leaned forwards, stared fixedly at ShidouÅfs face, and gently moved
her cherry lips.
Åg??Muku likewise fancies Nushi-sama. MukuÅfs heart rests in thy favor,
Shidou.Åh
Åg......! Ah, reallyÅcÅcÅh
113
Shidou was forced to hold his breath. How was he to put it; despite
possessing quite a little stature, her expression was unexpectedly bewitching.
ÅgThine answer is amendable. Åc...Enounce once more.Åh
ÅgEh? Aah??I-I love you, Mukuro.Åh
ShidouÅfs reply under MukuroÅfs urging made her expose a well pleased smirk.
ÅgEhehe. Unbosoming till such a pitch supposes meritoriousness. ??Very
well. Nushi-samaÅfs exhortation in the cosmos, Muku shall bear in mind.Åh
ÅgReally!?Åh
ÅgUn. Aye, in defiance of being overwrought at possessing not spirit power
anymoreÅcÅc To guerdon Nushi-sama for safeguarding Muku, parlous it is
not.Åh
Mukuro wiggled her fingers as she declared so. Shidou felt as if the taut
strings that constantly bound his heart in place had been slackened without
warning.
MukuroÅfs past was indeed one which made others want to descry. However,
as Kotori had said, the present Mukuro was far more important. If she was
willing to accept the sealing, that would produce the best result.
But when Shidou was just about to exhale a breath of relief, Mukuro resumed
speaking happily.
Åg??One matter, though go it without saying? VowÅfd thou, Nushi-sama, in the
wake of bonding the contract with Muku, thou mustnÅft chance on that
concourse of past women evermore.Åh
ÅgAah, I unders??Eh?Åh
And alongside that surrounding ambience, right as he was readily nodding in
replyÅcÅc Shidou slanted his head halfway through.
ÅgEh? W-Why?Åh
ÅgWhat be so outre? Thus is but established. Loves Nushi-sama Muku not?
Muku loves Nushi-sama withal. If that be truth, Nushi-sama will with good
grace do all for Muku. Nathless, should women of the more between us step,
would that not be just so outre?Åh
114
Mukuro stated so with a most natural tone.
Rather, in reality, she herself thought that it was natural; and Shidou did not
stay dumbstruck.
Yet such a way of thinking, if rephrased, would turn out to be no different from
a matrimonial relationship??for the Shidou whose duty was to seal the
power of any Spirit manifesting in the world, it was a fatal blow.
ÅgHm? Hath Muku spoken any impropriety?Åh
Åg......No, about that, what I mean to say isÅcÅcÅh
Being stared down by those crystal clear eyes of Mukuro, Shidou had to
stagger his sight. There would have been no other way around this given the
fact that solely Shidou wielded the ability to seal SpiritsÅf power. In other
words, this also engraved in Shidou an enormous sense of irresponsibility
towards the Spirits.
ÅgWait, Shidou, what did you get argued into?Åh
ÅgI-IÅfm sorryÅcÅc My conscience suffered a bit of condemnation.Åh
ÅgDo things of that sort later. ??The point is, thereÅfs no way you can
undertake something like this. Even if you lie to her and go on with the
sealing, things will take a turn for the worse if she finds outÅcÅc Explain to her
nicely that sealing is an entirely different matter from marriage. WeÅfll just have
to go with this route.Åh
Åg......ThatÅfs true.Åh
Shidou gave a slight nod and gradually regulated his respiration, confronting
Mukuro afresh.
ÅgUm, Mukuro. Listen to me carefully. IÅfm unable to fulfil that request.Åh
ÅgMnn? Art thou a traitor to my love?Åh
Åg............Åh
ÅgDonÅft feel insulted by a simple remark.Åh
Kotori reprimanded her helpless brother. In order to rouse his cheer, Shidou
coughed a couple of times to clear his throat before continuing.
115
ÅgLike I said before, me, I want to save every Spirit. SoÅcÅc if another Spirit
like you appears in the future, I must seal her. And??all the Spirits IÅfve
sealed until now, I love them as much as I love you, Mukuro. IÅfll be really glad
if you can get along with them.Åh
Åg......Hueh.Åh
Hearing ShidouÅfs heartfelt words, Mukuro was at a loss for a while.
After many seconds passed, she clapped her hands together as if something
struck her mind.
ÅgThus, so that be thy plight. Nushi-sama is truly benign.Åh
ÅgEh?Åh
Incapable of fully comprehending the significance of MukuroÅfs statement,
Shidou widened his eyes. However, Mukuro merely bowed her head as
though she had a good grasp of the boyÅfs predicament.
ÅgMuku envisages. Nushi-sama need not utter another vocable. Entrusting all
to Muku will suffice.Åh
Mukuro finished and got up from the park bench, folding the elegantlydecorated
aureate fan and propping it against her chin.
Åg??Well then, we shall draw our evening to a close hither. Let us convene
again, Nushi-sama.Åh
Leaving behind this series of words, Mukuro stepped forwards into the dim
path.
ÅgWait, Mukuro!?Åh
Shidou tried to run after her helter-skelter, but to no avail as Mukuro must
have utilized <Michael> in route, her petite silhouette having already receded
from view.
ÅgReallyÅcÅc What is she planning?Åh
Treading across the pavement illuminated by dusky streetlights and blithely
unaware of the ulterior meaning behind MukuroÅfs words, ShidouÅfs face
became painted with a blurry shade of uncertainty.
116
Chapter 8 - The Locked Memories
Åg??Hn, hn, hmmn, hn~.Åh
A figure stood amidst the pitch-black darkness. No??to be precise, amidst a
sea of stars.
Hoshimiya Mukuro slowly drifted, her long hair dancing with glimmers of
shining light and elegant grace.
Overhead was the limitless stygian cosmos. Under her eyesÅf gaze was an
azure celestial body of astronomical proportions.
ThatÅfs correct. After she had bid farewell to Shidou, Mukuro opened a gate in
mid-air using <Michael> and once again teleported back to the wasteland
known as space.
Be that as it may, this did not by any means indicate that she had lost interest
in Shidou and the surface. It would be better to say that the place they spent
their stroll together was especially wonderful. However??if one needed to
ponder over matters, the noiseless cosmos would triumph as the superior
choice.
ÅgHowbeit??Åh
Mukuro murmured to herself, aiming a glance at the planet beneath.
ÅgWhat a goodly clime. Oft espied, yet remorse none??Muku is truly
prodigal.Åh
On that day, MukuroÅfs bosom was impaled with ShidouÅfs pseudo-<Michael>.
ÅgHehe, Shidou is well deserving of MukuÅfs gratitude.Åh
She then angled her body backwards, stretching her limbs and body.
Exercise made oneÅfs mind entirely free from worry. Not only that, but the
scenery, respiration, and sunlight??after subsequently abstaining from
external stimulus for a long period, it felt like someone had just struck her.
Only this was??
Åg......Hueh?Åh
At that instant, Mukuro tilted her head.
117
Meticulously deliberating, it was a given that this world was blessed with such
many things of splendor, so why had she sealed off her own heart?
ÅgMmmÅcÅc?Åh
Mukuro joined her hands and feet together, leisurely rotating there while
reminiscing. But no matter how much effort she put into it, nothing came up.
At last, she gave up in futility and heaved a sigh.
ÅgWell, no matter.Åh
Right, more importantly??there were more pressing affairs which required
to be dealt with sooner.
Shidou. Itsuka Shidou. The man who unlatched the lock on MukuroÅfs heart
and introduced her to this gorgeous, multicolored world.
And of greatest importance??he is her lover and likewise she is his.
ÅgMn, hn, merry indeed. To have oneÅfs beloved swain in else loved, thus never
struck as merriment in days gone by.Åh
Simply by the thought of Shidou, her maiden heart gently fluttered with
ebullient, exhilarated happiness. So this feeling was what Shidou had spoken
of before.
However, there was one more hurdle to cross.
MukuroÅfs infatuated crush was utterly too tender, too kind-hearted.
ÅgWoe betide Muku if naught be effectuated.Åh
She smiled sweetly, though a little overly, and fished out from within the void
a massive key?<Michael>.
??????
??Everyday was filled with joy to the brim.
After I woke up in the morning, Father, Mother, and Ane-sama would say
good morning to me.1
1. Ane-sama is Japanese for older sister.
118
Back then, I did not know how lovely it was to have my family members by my
side whenever I woke up.
Let alone how blissful it was to simply eat our breakfast together.
Yet above all that, there was one thing worth more joy.
Ane-sama would tie my hair for me.
Åg??Åfs hair is so pretty!Åh
She had a habit of saying that a lot while combing my hair.
Being complimented by my beloved sister, I was overjoyed and proud. I
always looked forward to this time of the day with all I could.
Before I realized, Ane-samaÅfs fingertips had laced my hair into dangos. Within
mere minutes, the muddleheaded cat just arisen from slumber had turned into
a delightful young girl. When I had first experienced such a sensation, I even
believed my sister to be a magician.
After telling her my impressions in a happy-go-lucky tone, she looked fairly
startled, only to smile from ear to ear??petting my head once again with a
gentleness that plucked the strings of my heart.
Following this, we would eat the delicious breakfast which Mother made for
us and then head for school after an exchange of greetings.
ÅgWeÅfre off!Åh
ÅgTake care!Åh
Once we reached home, Mother would come and welcome us without fail.
ÅgWelcome back.Åh
Watching the skies together on the roof with my star-loving sister after having
dinner was something I ensured to do every night.
During the scorching summertime, we would lay out a plastic board for the
both of us to lie on and look up at the starlit sky.
Ane-sama would point at each of the glittering speckles in the sky one by
one, mentioning the names of those stars as well as their origins to me.
119
Even though my childhood self could not quite understand her, I took
pleasure in seeing Ane-sama enthusiastically explaining those seemingly
unreachable concepts to me, so I would usually return to the roof of the
house by the time evening arrived.
Not long after drowsiness assaulted and my consciousness dimmed, Anesama
would for sure force a grin as if in apology and fondly caress my hair.
ÅgSorry for getting carried away.Åh
I liked falling asleep so peacefully, enveloped by such warmth.
In what felt like an instant, I woke up??a new day was beginning.
Living this common, incomparable life was blissful and irresistible for me.
Greeting Father, Mother, and Ane-sama again gave me immeasurable joy.
My family that belonged to only me, a space mine alone, there were people
who loved me and people that I loved.
Times as happy as those, my childhood self would always think that they
could go on forever.
Nevertheless, the day that world came to an end came much faster than
expected.
Nothing drastic occurred. It was neither an unfortunate accident which sent
everyone to another world, nor a divorce that caused the family to fall into
pieces. It wasnÅft even the appearance of blood relatives who revoked from
them the rights to my custody.
??That day.
I eagerly waited for that day. After all, Ane-sama had promised to take me to
Tenguu Tower.
However, that day, she had also brought along friends from school.
ThatÅfs correct. Just like that.
There was no other noteworthy thing, just another page of everyday life.
But it was unacceptable for myself.
120
ThatÅfs because Ane-sama belonged to only me.
Ane-sama should love only me. She should love only me.
Yet this sister, unbeknownst to me, was having fun with a friend I did not
know of. That person was intruding in the world between only my sister and
me.
This thought alone wrenched my heart. It was grueling. It was unbearable.
But I could not do anything.
I tried my best to endure, to withstand it and enjoy the day like everyone else.
However, when I was looking into the distant landscape from the observation
tower, Ane-samaÅfs friend spoke to me.
ÅgNe, ??-chan, your hair is really long. WouldnÅft it be better to make it a little
shorter? Ne, ??, donÅft you think so too?Åh
Then, my sister, being sought for acquiescence, thought awhile before turning
towards me and said:
ÅgUnÅcÅc ThatÅfs right. IsnÅft it a little long? Should we go shorten it some other
time?Åh
??It was not as if both of them harbored any ill will.
Ane-sama and her friend merely noticed that my lengthy hair tended to rock
to and fro whenever I walked, so they just suggested so.
But the impact those words lashed to my heart was one which gripped onto it
and threatened to crumble it. I ran away from Tenguu Tower as if my life
depended on it.
??I was helpless at my suffering.
Ane-sama had said that it was pretty.
Ane-sama had said that she liked it.
A simple remark from her friend had changed Ane-sama.
121
In other words, she valued that person more than she valued me. If Anesama
found herself in a situation where she had to choose between her friend
and me, she would choose that person without a doubt.
Such notions were similar to ink staining my attire, spreading at a rapid,
uncatchable rate.
I had always taken for granted that Father, Mother, and Ane-sama loved me
the most.
But those three people, prior to my appearance, had always lived in this
world??each of them keeping interpersonal relationships secret from me.
Father, Mother, Ane-sama all had, unbeknownst to me, fraternized with
people unfamiliar to me, and rubbed shoulders with strangers.
ÅgUghÅcÅc AhÅcÅcÅh
Once I barely came up against this cruel fact, a sick, vomiting feeling surged
up my chest.
My heart, having known to love and be loved, understood at last that this
emotion was sorrow.
Then, that time??
??????
Åg.........huh.Åh
A night had passed since the date with Mukuro.
Shidou had woken up earlier than usual.
It was not like he had something peculiar to attend to or he had been stirred
awake by an alarm clock. Last night, being plagued by the words Mukuro left
behind at her departure, Shidou had been unable to get a good nightÅfs sleep.
On top of that, he had a terrible nightmare.
Of the events which occurred after dropping from the sky that day, it was a
truly grievous dream; a lifelike vision retelling what had once happened to him
in such vivid detail.
122
Though in the end, what Shidou had obtained in his new home was not an
older sister, but a cute little sister.
Åg......Hm??Åh
The lack of sleep had proved to be detrimental for the condition of ShidouÅfs
body. Even so, falling asleep right after waking up was quite demanding.
Either way, if he could not sleep anymore, beginning preparations for
breakfast would be the best course of action. Shidou glimpsed at the clock to
confirm what time it was before emitted a long yawn and crawled upright from
the bed.
Treading drawn-out steps as he descended to the first floor, Shidou washed
his face and prepared a change of clothes, slipping into his combat uniform
for men afterwards??the apron-adorned Shidou proficiently cooked
breakfast.
Then, unaware of the passage of time, right when the savory fragrance of the
fish he was frying had spread out, Shidou heard the sounds of footsteps
coming from the second floor.
It appeared that Kotori had risen from her slumber. She had been managing
MukuroÅfs search and surveillance data last night, continuing her work at
Fraxinus till very late into the evening. The fatigue still lingering in her body
should have exceeded that of what he felt.
Kotori rubbed her eyes while slowly limping down the stairs like a zombie.
Shidou forced a grin, waving his hand to greet her.
ÅgG-Good morning, Kotori.Åh
ÅgUnÅcÅc morningÅfs goodÅcÅcÅh
Suddenly.
Just as she finished her line, Kotori seemed to have noticed something,
abruptly opening her eyes wide??
ÅgKyaaaaaaaaaaa!?Åh
An epic cry came out of her mouth.
Åg......! W-WhatÅfs wrongÅcÅc!?Åh
123
Shidou could not help but plug his ears with his hands, shooting a confused
look at his sister.
ÅgWhat is it, Kotori, did something happen?Åh
However, as though refusing to even answer him, Kotori stared at Shidou
with a sharp gaze.
Then, she uttered an emotional voice of warning.
ÅgWho the hell are you? Why are you in my house!?Åh
That statement excessively exceeded his expectations.
Åg........................Hah?Åh
ShidouÅfs eyes were shrunk into two tiny dots.
Yet that was only natural, as such a question naturally puzzled him. Why he
was in her house; such a query robbed him of words. No matter what, Shidou
had lived in that house for more than a decade. Even if they were not related
by blood, they were still brother and sister.
Åg......Guh, what are you saying, Kotori?Åh
Shidou scratched his face and attempted to approach her, only to elicit a yell
from the girl as if to ward him off afterwards.
ÅgDonÅft come near me! IÅfm calling the police!Åh
ÅgEhÅcÅcÅh
Dumbfounded, Shidou wiped off the sweat forming on his forehead.
What was Kotori doing; this was going overboard for a mere joke. In other
words??
Right when he was cudgeling his brains, Kotori grabbed a random ornament
from nearby anxiously.
ÅgYouÅcÅc what are you standing there in a daze for! I told you to get the
hellÅcÅc out of here already!Åh
ÅgUwah!?Åh
124
Kotori hurled the ornament in her hand towards him without mercy. Shidou
hurriedly moved his body away to avoid the attack.
ÅgH-Hey, thatÅfs dangerous??Åh
ÅgShut up! Get lost!Åh
Kotori shrieked in a fit of hysteria, snatching another projectile to throw.
Although he was clueless as to KotoriÅfs actions, Shidou knew that his words
would be incapable of properly reaching her. In a flurry, he took his bag and
jacket, fleeing the place.
ÅgGuh, hya!Åh
ÅgAhh! Hey, freeze!Åh
Previously ordering him to get out of her sight, now she was forbidding him
from running away. That being said now was not the time to point out such an
occasion in a carefree manner. Shidou laid hold of the shoes sitting idle on
the porch, dashing out the house with bare feet.
ÅgHahÅcÅc HahÅcÅc HahÅcÅcÅh
After sprinting for some time and confirming the absence of any pursuit by
Kotori, Shidou could finally exhale a deep breath of relief. As he stabilized his
breathing and took off his apron, Shidou succeeded in putting on his school
uniform.
ÅgReallyÅcÅc This is uncalled for even if she couldnÅft get any sleep. Your
brotherÅfs going to cry!Åh
Shidou rubbed his face as he spoke to himself, walking along his current
route.
It was the first month of the New Year. To tell the truth, wearing only a jacket
made him feel like dying from the cold. If the conditions would allow, Shidou
wanted to return home for the time being and bring along his winter clothes to
protect him against the weather.
Even so, since there was still the possibility of Kotori going berserk, not
heading towards the Itsuka residence for the moment was the better choice.
Granted that she would not call the local police, her fits of anger would
probably invoke a few rumors and slanders in the neighborhood.
125
Other peopleÅfs digressing gossip would last for 75 days, but for the present
Shidou, he was trapped in a vicious circle doomed to have it evolved into
another rumor before that period ended. He hoped to avert the spread of any
wicked criticism as much as possible,
ÅgI guess I canÅft do anythingÅcÅc might as well go to school for now.Åh
Shidou said his utterances of abandonment, suffering the bone-chilling winds
while shivering as he trudged on the road to school.
Then, after several sneezes and walking for a few minutes, Shidou arrived at
Raizen High School at last.
Shidou slipped out of his shoes and replaced them with his indoor ones.
Marching towards his classroom, he placed his bag on top of his table with
movements he was accustomed to, and then pulled his chair out before
taking a seat.
Åg............Hm?Åh
Inhaling a big breath within the warm room, Shidou felt a subtle premonition
that something was amiss.
To put it bluntly, it was as if he had entered a wrong classroom by mistake.
His classmates in the room were time and again darting looks of
incomprehension in his direction, even discussing among themselves.
ÅgWhatÅfs the matterÅcÅc?Åh
Shidou slanted his head, scanning his attire to see if something was wrong,
whether he was until now dressed in his pajama trousers due to leaving the
house in a rush, or his shoes were put on in reverse.
Yet as he double checked himself, no portion of his accoutrements were out
of place. Just in case, Shidou touched his hair, only to find that there was no
sign of it being disheveled owing to sleep.
ÅgHmÅcÅcÅh
Could it be that, in this frigid climate, not donning an overcoat and making
oneÅfs way to school while trembling was an uncommon practice? Shidou
drew up on such a conclusion for the time being, fishing out his stationery and
notebook from his bag.
ÅgHo~Hoho~Hohoho! HukehkehkehÅcÅcÅh
126
As such, snorting a series of weird nasal sounds, a boy who styled his hair
with pomade entered the classroom. ??He was one of ShidouÅfs rather
iniquitous friends: Tonomachi Hiroto.
ÅgOoh, Tonomachi.Åh
ÅgHm? Aah, morning, fellow classmate.Åh
Shidou stood up and called out his name, and Tonomachi replied with his
consistently frivolous manner of speaking.
However.
ÅgLong time no see, huh? I wonder how long itÅfs beenÅcÅc Ah, forgive me, I
presumptuously addressed you. Sorry, but who are you again?Åh
The expression on TonomachiÅfs face grew more and more anxious as he
spoke until he lowered his head in apology. Shidou was stark speechless,
broadening both his eyes.
ÅgHah?Åh
ÅgYah, IÅfm really sorry about this. Åc...Ah, did we meet each other in karaoke
previously? There were so many people that time so I couldnÅft remember?.Åh
Åg......No no no, what are you saying, Tonomachi? ItÅfs me, Itsuka Shidou.
HavenÅft we always been classmates?Åh
Shidou furrowed his brows, but it was now TonomachiÅfs turn to display a
perplexed expression.
ÅgClassmatesÅcÅc? From?Åh
ÅgTonomachiÅcÅc?Åh
Seeing his friendÅfs response, Shidou once again creased his eyebrows.
Certainly, Tonomachi had sometimes cracked jokes which nobody was able
to figure out in the past, but his current appearance gave off an impression
entirely different in comparison to the past. To say it bluntly, it was as if he
had genuinely forgotten about Shidou.
If TonomachiÅfs acting skills had dramatically skyrocketed without Shidou
knowing, that would have meantÅcÅc
127
Shidou looked at his surroundings, calling out to his other classmates inside
the room.
ÅgUm, Yamabuki, Hazakura, Fujibakama.Åh
ÅgHaeh?Åh
ÅgHueh?Åh
ÅgHoeh?Åh
Reacting to ShidouÅfs voice, the three girls who were chatting nearby then
lifted their heads in an organized manner??a tall and lanky girl wearing a
purposely tattered school uniform, a girl of medium stature whose particular
distinction was having none at all, along with a spectacles-wearing petite girl.
They were the renowned Ai, Mai, and Mii trio of class 2-4.
ÅgTonomachiÅfs still talking nonsenseÅcÅc You three recognize me, right?Åh
After Shidou asked so, the trio glanced at each other back and forth with
looks of dubiety.
Åg......Ugh, whoÅfs he?Åh
ÅgUwah, is he hitting on us? So lame??Åh
ÅgHas spring come already??Who are you targeting? Who?Åh
Ai, Mai, and Mii suddenly stood up, making quite the uproar.
But on the contrary, all color faded from ShidouÅfs now pale face.
ÅgYou donÅftÅcÅc know meÅcÅc?Åh
Emitting a dried-up, withered voice, Shidou vacantly surveyed his vicinity. Yet
to no avail, as there was not a single person begging to differ from
Tonomachi and the Ai, Mai, and Mii trio. Not only that, but the students also
shot at him glimpses of utter shock.
This was obviously an abnormal situation he had found himself in. Was
Shidou yet to awaken from a dream, or were all his fellow classmates playing
a joke on himÅcÅc Even so, they would not have done that without any
explanation. Shidou felt as if he had got lost in a place he had been extremely
familiar with.
128
Then??
ÅgHoho, good morning everyone!Åh
ÅgGood morning.Åh
While Shidou was being confined in a prison of confusion, two young girls
entered the classroom. ??They were Tohka and Origami.
Åg......!Åh
Shidou just identified their figures and rushed towards them, planning to seek
help from the two.
ÅgN-Ne! Tohka, Origami!Åh
ÅgHoho!? W-What are you doing all of a sudden? DonÅft scare me like that.Åh
Åg............Åh
Tohka seemed to be rather startled, whereas Origami preserved her original
composure as she turned towards Shidou.
ÅgA-AahÅcÅc Sorry. But hear me out, you two. Everyone in class is acting
weird. NoÅcÅc not just that. Did Kotori also sleep herself silly??Åh
ÅgMuuÅcÅc?Åh
Even though Shidou was venting his grievances, Tohka wrinkled her
eyebrows with a confounded expression instead.
Such a reaction made him feel an illusion as though his heart was being
forcibly plucked out.
ShidouÅfs pulse began to palpitate faster and fiercer as more of his suspicions
were proven true. Cold sweat was beading atop the skin of his whole body. A
sensation similar to dizziness invaded his body from head to toe, threatening
to overwhelm the boy there and then. A terrible prognostication flooded
ShidouÅfs mind.
However, Tohka and Origami did not perceive his present predicament and
merely resumed their speech without any hint of concern.
ÅgIÅfm sorry, but I donÅft understand what youÅfre sayingÅcÅcÅh
129
ÅgWho are you specifically?Åh
Åg??Åh
Both of them vociferated such callous, hard-bitten words.
Shidou could only dully stand there from beginning to end.
????????
It was now an hour past noon. The sun, which should have climbed to the
summit a long time ago, was enshrouded by a thick layer of clouds,
preventing any rays of light from being able to heat the ground.
The gusting chilly winds deprived Shidou of his body temperature little by
little. He let out a large yawn, sniffed a couple of times through his nose, and
brushed his shoulders.
Shidou was presently not in a classroom of Raizen High School, but outside a
certain apartment complex next to the Itsuka residence??to be precise, he
was situated in a position across the road where he could clearly see the
building. He concealed his body from view behind an electricity pole,
observing the block of flats with care.
Åg......!Åh
Without being aware of how long Shidou had loitered, the doors to the
apartment were flung open, and two delicate girls exited. One of them was a
docile girl who wore a cute hat on her head. She was adorned in a bloated
overcoat and had a rabbit puppet mounted on her left hand. The other was
dressed in plain clothes and had a muffler wrapped around her neck. This girl
seemed to be in a rather unpleasant mood from her expression. ??They
were Spirits who lived in that mansion, Yoshino and Natsumi.
Åg......Uah, IÅfm freezing to death. My breathÅfs so white.Åh
ÅgFuuuÅcÅc itÅfs true. Ha??Åh
ÅgHihi?! <White Breath>!Åh
In response to NatsumiÅfs words, Yoshino exhaled rimy white puffs of air, and,
bearing this, the bunny puppet Yoshinon twisted its body. Yoshino giggled
happily.
130
But in contrast, NatsumiÅfs expression seemed more difficult to understandÅc
Rather, it would be better to say that she was knitting her brows out of
discomfort.
Åg......Um, Yoshino? You didnÅft have to come with me to buy stuff, you know?
ItÅfs not really a big deal, and if you were to catch a coldÅcÅcÅh
ÅgThat wonÅft happen, donÅft worry. I can put up with this cold pretty well. And?
?Åh
Yoshino declared so as she took hold of NatsumiÅfs hand, squeezing it into the
pouch on her clothes.
ÅgHya?Åh
Possibly due to being startled by YoshinoÅfs sudden action, Natsumi yelled in
surprise.
Yoshino slightly blushed before timidly stating.
ÅgEhÅcÅc itÅfs warmer this way.Åh
ÅgUmÅcÅc yeahÅcÅcÅh
Natsumi hummed and hawed, her face was comparatively a hundredfold
more flustered than YoshinoÅfs expression. Whether it was because the
quantity of perspiration increased or otherwise, Natsumi loosened her scarf a
bit with her free hand to let the breeze blow against her neck.
Åg......Haha.Åh
Watching the scene capable of bringing a smile to anyoneÅfs face many times,
Shidou could only unwind the corners of his lips.
But Shidou immediately reminded himself. ThatÅfs right. Now was not the time
to merely spy from afar.
He pulled himself together by bracing his face, dashed from behind the
electrical pole and leaped before the couple of girls.
Then, he curbed the pestering unease in his heart and shouted.
ÅgYoshino, Natsumi! And Yoshinon!Åh
ÅgEhÅcÅc?Åh
131
ÅgW-What is it all of a suddenÅcÅcÅh
ÅgUwaha?! You scared the daylights out of me?!Åh
Towards ShidouÅfs abrupt appearance, the two exposed astonished
expressions. Shidou took in a deep breath and continued.
ÅgAbout that, you two, do you still remember me?Åh
He clenched his fist and asked so in earnest. However??
ÅgUh, thatÅcÅc Sorry, but I donÅft know who you are.Åh
Åg......Me neither. LetÅfs go, Yoshino, Yoshinon.Åh
ÅgAha? sorry about that little boy, find someone else to ask, wonÅft you?Åh
The result was as stated. After Yoshino and Natsumi had shown their
incredulity, both of them quickened their pace as they brushed past Shidou.
ÅgAhÅcÅcÅh
Shidou could not even extend his hands towards them, only managing to fall
onto his knees on the spot, motionless.
ÅgThis must be some jokeÅcÅc whatÅfs with thisÅcÅcÅh
Dumbfounded, he forced out those words.
After realizing that Tohka and Origami were complete strangers to him,
unknown dismay and helplessness had assailed ShidouÅfs entire body as he
rushed about in order to question the other Spirits if they still remembered
who he was.
Kaguya and Yuzuru from the neighboring class 2-3 had paralleled TohkaÅfs
shocked expression. Nia, who lived in a high-level apartment within the city,
had regarded Shidou as an impolite fan and slammed the door in his face?
?On the other hand, Miku, once hearing his voice, had screamed,
ÅgKyaaaaaa!? Some strange guy called ahhhhh!?Åh No further contact could be
established afterwards.
Having tried what he could, with the last ounce of his remaining hope, Shidou
came to look for Yoshino and NatsumiÅcÅc yet the outcome was no different
from the others.
132
Shidou feebly scratched his hair.
Nothing had changed compared to yesterday. Everything was as it was
supposed to be. The views Shidou saw were no different from those in his
memories.
Except one thing. ??The Spirits alongside his friends, everyone had
forgotten all about Shidou. This single aspect instigated in him a certain
sense of bewilderment as though he had been tossed into a parallel world.
ÅgDamnÅcÅc ÅeDonÅft know meÅf. WhatÅfs with this!? Someone, anyone, does
anyone recognize meÅcÅc?Åh
Shidou supported his forehead with his hands as he contemplated like his life
depended on it. However, the only ones left were the worst Spirit, Tokisaki
Kurumi, whose whereabouts were currently unknown; ShidouÅfs enemies,
DEMÅfs Westcott and Ellen; along with the Spirit who had vanished right in
front of Shidou without leaving any tracks??
Åg????Åh
In that instant.
Shidou held his breath slightly.
He uttered with his trembling lips the name that surfaced within his mind.
ÅgMuÅckuroÅcÅcÅh
Exactly. Mukuro. Hoshimiya Mukuro. The Spirit who possessed the keyshaped
angel <Michael> that is capable of sealing almost anything in
existence.
Her powers exceeded that which the naked eye could discern by far. As a
matter of fact, Mukuro had used this ability to seal off her own heart.
That was the reason Shidou had called out her name, not because of the
possibility that she might still have him in her memory.
ÅgMuku envisages. Nushi-sama need not utter another vocable. Entrusting all
to Muku will suffice.Åh
The sentences she had left behind when they were about to part yesterday
reverberated inside the depths of ShidouÅfs consciousness.
133
That time, Shidou had been unaware of the meaning lying behind those
words, and now the irregular phenomenon which had befallen him perfectly
interlocked with that excerpt in his mind.
Merely by placing an invisible lock on the heart, the angel <Michael>, in the
shape of a key, could seal the targetÅfs emotions.
Shidou wondered if this ability extended to even meddling with a personÅfs
memories.
ÅgCouldÅc all this be your doing, MukuroÅcÅc!?Åh
Shidou pressed his mouth, his expression gradually being infiltrated by a
shudder.
Of course, this was just a conjecture. There was neither concrete evidence
nor a founded basis to his speculation; it was simply a guess within the scope
of ShidouÅfs imagination.
However, such abnormal circumstances would not have occurred out of the
blue. If one had to consider that there was a Spirit pulling the strings from the
shadows, MukuroÅfs name would without a doubt be mentioned.
Åg............Åh
Shidou silently lifted his head. He stretched his hand towards the wall, setting
his body upright and sighing in a low whisper.
Indeed, Shidou found himself in a labyrinthine situation, as if he had lost his
way. Despite wanting to consult his grievances with someone, he could only
discover that the worst case scenario had betided him such that no one
remembered him. In reality, he was at a dead end.
However, within his mind sprung up a hypothesis that allowed him to regain
his resolve.
Needless to say, MukuroÅfs capabilities were overwhelming. Yet being cast
aside into this entirely foreign oddity all alone was worlds apart from being
able to infer roughly who the culprit that precipitated it was.
ThatÅfs right. If Mukuro had undoubtedly locked up everyoneÅfs memories with
<Michael>Åfs power??
Åg??<Haniel>!Åh
134
Shidou did a quick scan of his surroundings to ascertain that there were no
bystanders and, with closed eyes, yelled out the name of an angel
afterwards.
In concert with his summoning, an angel in the form of a broom manifested in
front his hand. Shidou swiftly inhaled a breath, mustered courage, and once
again verbalized.
Åg<Kaleidoscope>......!Åh
As though responding to ShidouÅfs voice, <Haniel> emitted a pale silver light,
its appearance ceaselessly morphing like clay.
After a few seconds elapsed, a huge key-shaped staff materialized there.
Correct. Shidou had in the past duplicated <Michael> and, with it, unlocked
MukuroÅfs previously sealed heart and soul.
An angel answers to its hostÅfs wishes. If the SpiritsÅf forgetting about Shidou
was a ramification of <Michael>, would identically unlocking their memories
carry the same effect?
??However.
ÅgEhÅcÅc?Åh
As Shidou maintained the posture of holding <Michael>, his entire body froze
and became inflexible, letting out a brusque voice.
Nonetheless, it was to be expected.
Right on the side of the pseudo-<Michael> gripped in his hands, a miniature
gate began to take shape as the front tip of a huge key appeared through
there, piercing the fake <Michael>.
ÅgT-This is??Åh
Åg??<Lock- Segva>!Åh
Shidou widened his eyes in astonishment. Then, a sound which he felt as
though he had heard it somewhere reverberated, and, with a clank, the huge
key retracted within.
In the blink of an eye, the pseudo-<Michael> Shidou had been holding
discharged gently. It began undulating radiance as it turned back into its
135
original form, <Haniel> before finally dispersing into particles of light fading
into nothingness.
ÅgAh??Åh
Shidou stared at his now empty hands with broadened eyes.
Afterwards, he threw his line of sight towards the front tip of the key floating in
mid-air, issuing a quivering voice.
ÅgMi-<Michael>......Åh
As if responding to his voice, the ÅegateÅf that had ruptured the space started to
expand gradually??
Following closely, a girl flew out from inside the rift.
With hair blonde as the Golden Fleece coiling around her neck and adorned
in clothing of a design identical to that of Kotori, she was a young girl of a
small stature.
??Hoshimiya Mukuro had appeared.
ÅgMukuroÅcÅcÅh
ÅgMuahaha, an expedient fitting of someone as prestigious as Nushi-sama, by
whom MukuÅfs heart was unfastenÅfd. Tis worthy of thy name, Nushi-sama.Åh
The girl exposed a slight smirk. Shidou could only reflect on her words as he
shuddered.
To put it briefly, Mukuro had accounted for the possibility of Shidou
transforming <Haniel> into <Michael> and making a move to unlock
everyone's recollections.
And at that moment in time, she had sealed the powers of his false <Michael>
with the genuine one.
There was no need to think of the reason. ??It was to seal off the released
powers Shidou possessed so as not to let him open anew the lock on the
other SpiritsÅf memories.
MukuroÅfs statements and deeds had perfectly verified ShidouÅfs hypothesis.
ÅgMukuroÅcÅc So youÅfre the one who altered everyone's memories!Åh
136
ÅgHm, verily. Sterling, ay?Åh
Mukuro proudly stood with arms akimbo, causing Shidou to furrow his brows
and shout.
ÅgWhy! Why did you do something like that!?Åh
ÅgWherefore? Hueh. What an aberrant enquiry in sooth.Åh
Her face said everything about her unawareness as a carefree smile
emerged on it.
ÅgWith thus, Muku and Nushi-sama can sequester ourselves with each other.
Nushi-sama need not brood further. Loving but Muku unescorted by surfeiting
cupidity shall suffice in that stead.Åh
ÅgWhaÅcÅc!?Åh
Shidou was dumbstruck, unable to even breathe.
The utterances of the girl before his eyes and the adorable guise on her face
created a prominent, unequivocal incongruity, throwing Shidou into disorder
instantly.
Shidou was a man who had sealed many Spirits in the past as well. To this
day, he had been met with numerous bitter crises and complex relationships,
having even experienced the formidable and terrifying malice of enemies.
But??this time was different.
The girl in front of him was a completely dissimilar being compared to the
Spirits and people he had ever encountered until now.
The worst Spirit, Tokisaki Kurumi, evoked fear in the hearts of people. In the
face of her unending bloodlust and vanity, Shidou could only remain
paralyzed.
Similarly, when confronted with DEM IndustriesÅf Westcott and Ellen, Shidou
felt a sense of dread too. Before the inhuman, overwhelming animosity,
Shidou was petrified in place.
However, Mukuro possessed neither bloodthirst nor ill will.
137
From the looks of her expression??it was pure, unadulterated benevolence;
and love.
ÅgLo, Nushi-sama.Åh
Mukuro revealed a poised grin, her lips then beginning to move.
ÅgDost thou adore Muku?Åh
She spoke with excessively cute, yet also innocent words.
But Shidou was at a loss for words of any kind.
??????

139
ÅgA-Angh! ItÅfs really been a while, everyoneeee! Ever since we parted, I
couldnÅft stop thinking about everyoneeeeee!Åh
It was around noon on a rest day. Tap tap tap tapÅcÅc Just as the pattering of
footsteps in the corridor had resounded, the greeting had already
reverberated in advance. Miku soared into the living room of the Itsuka
residence.
ÅgUgh??Åh
Her appearance in the scene sent a shudder down NatsumiÅfs spine,
catapulting the elvish girl off the sofa as she scurried to pinpoint a concealed
cache.
To NatsumiÅfs chagrin, however, her speedy maneuvers were ferreted out by
Miku, who, like a cat locked onto a mouse, pounced on her.
ÅgYaa!Åh
ÅgKyaa!Åh
Being embraced with such intense passion from Miku, alongside her fervent
statements, Natsumi frantically struggled in her grip.
Watching the situation, the owner of the house, Kotori, let out a sigh.
ÅgWhat am I going to do with you, always making a noisy racket? Speaking of
parting, didnÅft we see each other just yesterday?Åh
ÅgFu fu, stress dihkrishing haha houhohohoho...ah nutrients.Åh
Åg......I havenÅft the slightest idea of what youÅfre saying. Get your face off
NatsumiÅfs belly first, and then speak.Åh
Kotori batted half a glance at her. Miku contentedly lifted her head with a
ÅePfha!Åf
ÅgRecharge complete??! TodayÅfs tiredness has been driven away??!Åh
Perhaps it was a figment of the imagination, but MikuÅfs skin seemed
smoother than before. On the other hand, Natsumi, whose midriff had been
marked by a sizeable hickey, thoroughly escaped. How horrifying! A vampire
had unexpectedly emerged in the residential area of Tenguu City!
140
Kotori could only shrug her shoulders as she turned her sights to the living
room.
The Spirits currently gathered inside the living room of the Itsuka Residence.
Tohka and Origami sat on the couch, whereas the Yamai sisters were
engrossed in playing video games on the television. Yoshino was hugging the
lethargic and traumatized Natsumi, whose vitality had been completely
drained by Miku. The dining table was occupied by Nia, who was scratching
her head as she stared at a white notebook. It looked like she was racking
her brains about the script of a manga.
Although there was no special occasion for everyone to meet up, perchance
they were just feeling merry, so everyone naturally convened at that house.
Then, a fortissimo sound could be heard coming from the television. It would
seem that the outcome of the battle between the Yamai twins had just been
determined. Kaguya clung to her head as Yuzuru proudly puffed out her
chest.
ÅgAh??! Almost??! There!? Ah??!Åh
ÅgVictory. Despite the slight danger, this is YuzuruÅfs win. The side dishes for
lunch are now mine.Åh
ÅgUguh!Åh
It appeared that they had a wager. Kaguya slammed the floor in
dissatisfaction. Kotori heaved a sigh once again.
ÅgIÅfm not against your competition, but keep in mind to maintain a balanced
diet.Åh
After finishing speaking, Kotori glimpsed at the clock. Twelve oÅfclock. Like the
both of them had said, the time for lunch had come to pass.
Åg......Hm?Åh
A nonplussed sensation brewed within her as she thought of that. Habitually
in the past, food was supposed to have been plentifully arranged on the
dining tableÅcÅc But today, any preparations for lunch had not even begun
yet.
ÅgA-re? ThatÅfs strange, how did IÅcÅc Uh, by the way, was I supposed to be
making food?Åh
141
A certain incomprehension made Kotori furrow her eyebrows. At that
moment, Yoshino bobbed her head out from behind Natsumi, gazing at Kotori
with worry.
ÅgWhatÅfs the matter, Kotori-san?Åh
ÅgEh? Ah, itÅfsÅcÅc nothing. I was just getting hungry, so letÅfs have some pizza
today.Åh
Intending to get by perfunctorily, Kotori uttered so, only for the Yamai sisters
to be electrified with excitement all of a sudden.
ÅgTruly!? Then I shall hope for a grand banquet of half dead poultry!Åh
ÅgExplanation. Kaguya wishes to eat a roast chicken pizza.Åh
ÅgExactly that! Fufu??and pizza possesses no side dish??! What a pity,
Yuzuru!Åh
ÅgNegation. The authority over side dishes is still in effect. Exchange KaguyaÅfs
pizza toppings with YuzuruÅfs pizza crust.Åh
ÅgPizza crust!?Åh
ÅgMercy. Here is some pity: You are given not crisp and brittle pieces, but
bread with a soft texture.Åh
Yuzuru consoled with a fake tender voice, triggering Kaguya to shriek.
ÅgYouÅfre not human??!Åh
ÅgObviously. I am a Spirit.Åh
Well, Yuzuru, after observing KaguyaÅfs depressed manner, would have gladly
rescinded their gamble and let her eat her pizzaÅfs palatable parts. Kotori
shrugged once more, reaching for the phone to order takeout.
Åg......?Åh
In that instant, an impression as if something was out of place surged through
her as she looked towards the sofa where Tohka was currently seated.
Be that as it may, Tohka did not do anything, merely hugging her arms with
an intricate expression painted on her face.
142
However, that was the very reason it was unusual. ??ThatÅfs right. There
had undoubtedly been talks of putting an order for pizza, yet Tohka, let alone
placing a request, had not even got up on her feet in loud cheer.
ÅgUh, Tohka. WhatÅfs wrong? You can lie down if youÅfre feeling uncomfortable,
okay?Åh
Åg......??Nuu?Åh
At KotoriÅfs question, Tohka was despondent for a few seconds, followed by
an abrupt twitch of her eyebrows.
ÅgAhhÅcÅc Sorry. I was just thinking.Åh
ÅgChewing over some matterÅcÅc? That Tohka? Even more important than
pizza? Åc...No, I didnÅft mean it that way.Åh
She had unintentionally said something offensive, correcting herself in a
hurry.
But Tohka did not take it to heart??it would be better to say that her mind
was being occupied by a matter of greater urgency, which caused her to
ponder aloud in place.
ÅgDid something happen? For you to go so farÅcÅh
ÅgMuuÅcÅc Nothing much, itÅfs just that I met some weird boy at school
yesterday.Åh
ÅgA weird boy?Åh
ÅgUmu. A boy I donÅft know came into my classroom, and he even called
OrigamiÅfs and my name. But after we told him that we didnÅft know him, he
had a hurt look and went outÅcÅcÅh
ÅgWhoÅfs that supposed to be? A fan of yours? Though it is quite weird, do you
really have to be this botheredÅcÅcÅh
When she reached that point, Kotori suddenly jerked her brows while
exclaiming an ÅeAhÅf. ??About the boy Tohka had described, Kotori was also
well aware.
ÅgIs something wrong??Åh
143
Noticing a change in KotoriÅfs bearing, Miku doubtfully asked. With one hand
propping her lower jaw, Kotori replied.
Åg......Now that you mention it, I met a similar guy yesterday, too. When I woke
up in the morning, I saw a boy I had never seen before making breakfast in
the kitchen.Åh
ÅgEhh!? How did that happen?! A horror movie?! A-Are you alright, Kotorisan!Åh
ÅgA-Ah, I immediately ordered him to get out. I even requested Fraxinus to
consolidate their security, so things should be fine, I guessÅcÅcÅh
Just as KotoriÅfs speech ended, it was then MikuÅfs turn to exclaim ÅeAhhÅf with a
clap of her hands.
ÅgW-WhatÅfs wrong, Miku?Åh
ÅgC-Come to think of it, I had an encounter as well??! Yesterday, an
unexpected call arrived??! Then some guy suddenly began to talk. It
freaked me out??! And when I looked at the contact screen, it even
displayed ÅeDarlingÅf!? I have absolutely no memory of ever recording it, so it
scared me to death??!Åh
As the Spirits listened to these accounts, each of them seemed to have
recalled something, their expressions wavering.
ÅgNe, Yuzuru, about that, is he not that person?Åh
ÅgRecollection. We have also come into contact. A male had rushed into our
classroom before homeroom commenced and fiercely interrogated us, ÅeDo
you still remember me!?ÅfÅh
Åg......Ah??It feels like IÅfm in the same boat. At that time, I was pulling an allnighter
to work, then the sound of the doorbell *dingdong* *dingdong* came. I
shooed him away, though.Åh
ÅgN-Natsumi-san and I too! Before we set out yesterday, a strange boy had
wanted to talk to usÅcÅcÅh
Åg......Ah?, hm, thatÅfs true. We were even followed. Dunno what thatÅfs all
about. ItÅfs horrible whenever I think of itÅcÅcÅh
144
Being embraced by Yoshino, Natsumi could finally manage to murmur a reply
with one eye closed.
Kotori could not refrain from creasing her eyebrows as she took everyoneÅfs
testimonies into consideration.
ÅgA boy whoÅfs met with all of us, huhÅcÅc? No, everyone didnÅft necessarily
meet the same personÅcÅc but we canÅft just ignore it and be too optimistic.Åh
There was of course the possibility that he was simply a random pervert,
although the same could be said for one of DEMÅfs staff members.
Despite not knowing the exact objective of that boy, everyone present here
was a Spirit that possesses cataclysm-level abilities. A precaution was better
than none.
ÅgFor the time being, letÅfs all be on the alert just in case. If anything were to
happen, please inform me immediately.Åh
ÅgI-I seeÅcÅcÅh
ÅgUnderstood??! WeÅfll always keep in touch??!Åh
Åg......Ah, even though a guard wouldnÅft hurt, could you hand me a capable
baby? IÅfm so spent now. ParticularlyÅcÅc if only you could give me a child
whoÅfs able, has a petite figure and a name that starts with ÅeNiaÅf.Åh
Åg......Um, Kotori, IÅfd like a change of name, what should I do?Åh
The Spirits nodded with alacrity. Åc...Well, regardless of having discerned a
bizarre demand from a certain someone, Kotori ignored that for the moment.
Nevertheless, there was a single girl who did not provide a response. ??It
was Origami.
Mute ever since, she went through with being silence till the end while being
absorbed in a staring contest with the floor. Though not one for words by and
large, OrigamiÅfs current demeanor seemed somewhat distinct from anything
in the past. Kotori stole a glance at her expression and vocalized.
ÅgOrigami, are you feeling alright?Åh
Åg......No problem, just a bit of a headache.Åh
145
ÅgIsnÅft that a problemÅcÅc DonÅft force yourself. If youÅfre feeling tired, IÅfll take
you home.Åh
Åg......Forgive me for the inconvenience.Åh
Origami answered in a weakened, frail tone, which was rarely seen from her.
The worried Kotori walked towards OrigamiÅfs side, allowing the girl a shoulder
to lean on.
ÅgCan you stand?Åh
Åg......No pro??Åh
In an attempt to rise, Origami suspended her arm over KotoriÅfs shoulder. But
in that instant, OrigamiÅfs body abruptly lost any rigidity and looked as if it was
about to collapse onto the ground.
ÅgOrigami!?Åh
ÅgWhaÅcÅc!Åh
ÅgA-Are you feeling okay!?Åh
All of a sudden, the Spirits gathered in the living room uttered voices of
shock. Nonetheless, that was to be expected. After all, the one who toppled
over was none other than the stalwart girl Origami.
ÅgGuh??Åh
As Kotori sucked in a breath, she was just about to call Fraxinus with her
hand phone to seek aid. There was no saying where OrigamiÅfs present
condition lay, thus bringing her to the medical clinic aboard the ship would be
by far faster than sending for an ambulance.
However, the moment before Kotori could even push the dial button, she
stopped.
Åg............Åh
The reason was straightforward. Origami, who had just been keeled over on
the floor, got up like nothing ever happened.
ÅgOrigamiÅcÅc? DonÅft stand when youÅfre not feeling all that well. If anything
were to happen to you!Åh
146
Kotori called out to Origami in a flurry, yet she only shook her head as though
everything that occurred just now was merely a joke.
Then, she looked straight into KotoriÅfs eyes and spoke.
ÅgItÅfs nothing??IÅfm fine. IÅfm sorry to have worried you.Åh
Her manner of speech, for some reason, seemed to carry a striking difference
unlike any before.
Åg............Åh
Cold sweat beaded on KotoriÅfs cheeks as she heard her.
ÅgO-Origami?Åh
ÅgHere. What is it?Åh
ÅgThat, let me ask you, are you Origami?Åh
ÅgEh? Yes, I am. What are you talking about?Åh
Remarking so, Origami made a wry smile. Such expression permeating with
vim and vigor jolted the Spirits aback.
ÅgH-HiiÅcÅc!Åh
ÅgDumbstruck. A fever? Rather, Master Origami, has your brainÅcÅcÅh
ÅgSomeone??! Origami-san??! Save Origamiiiiii!Åh
ÅgUh, is that how you think of meÅcÅc?Åh
Witnessing everyoneÅfs inordinate reactions, Origami could only laugh.
That being said, as if something had struck OrigamiÅfs mind right away, her
expression took a steep decline. She observed everyone and opened her
mouth.
ÅgWellÅcÅc forget it. More importantly, were everyoneÅfs previous words
serious? Has everyone genuinely??forgotten ÅehimÅf?Åh
ÅgEhÅcÅc?Åh
OrigamiÅfs words caused a twitch in KotoriÅfs brows.
147
ÅgÅeHimÅfÅcÅc DonÅft tell me, you mean that conundrum of a boy who had
appeared before us?Åh
Solely that person could be thought of when conjuring up the ÅehimÅf in the
topic. Kotori fumbled with her lower chin and voiced so.
Afterwards, Origami dynamically nodded her head.
ÅgLooking at it like this, youÅfve really forgotten. As expected, this must be
Mukuro-sanÅfs doingÅcÅcÅh
ÅgMukuro?Åh
Kotori tilted her head at the name which came out of OrigamiÅfs mouth. It was
a name she had nary an impression of.
ÅgWell I neverÅc did you also forget that? SheÅfs the Spirit who inhabited the
cosmos! DidnÅft everyone confront her together before!?Åh
ÅgW-What are you saying, OrigamiÅcÅcÅh
Seeing the look of astonishment on KotoriÅfs face, Origami let out a dejected
aspect as though she had understood everything.
Åg......So thatÅfs how it is. She worked quickly. Not only about him, but the
memories of herself were ÅesealedÅf as well. With this, she would have indeed
escaped detectionÅcÅcÅh
ÅgAbout that, Natsumi-san. IÅfve a favor to ask of youÅcÅc Is it possible for
Natsumi-sanÅfs <Haniel> to produce a copy of <Michael>?Åh
ÅgEhÅcÅc? Um, that thing called <Michael>, whatÅfs it supposed to be? An
angel?Åh
ÅgThatÅfs correct. It is an angel in the form of a key possessing the ability to
unlock or lock the functions of almost anything.Åh
Origami turned her gaze towards Natsumi after speaking. The smaller girl
responded while looking away so as to take cover from her potent scrutiny.
Åg......Nope, thatÅfs impossible. If donÅft get how it works, making a fake without a
model is a waste of time.Åh
ÅgI seeÅcÅcÅh
148
With knitted brows and a grimace, Origami stroked the corners of her lips,
mumbling something to herself.
Åg......I didnÅft expect the method of using <Haniel> to be out of reach too. Now
that things are like thisÅcÅc what should be doneÅcÅcÅh
ÅgW-Wait a minute. I donÅft understand anything. Origami, what in the world
have you been going on about? WhoÅfs Mukuro? And the ÅehimÅf you saidÅcÅc
Do you know that boy by any chance?Åh
Dithering, Kotori poured out her doubts. Hence, Origami looked attentively
into her eyes and gestured.
ÅgYes. Everyone ought to be familiar with him. Everybody??no, each one of
us??was saved by Itsuka Shidou.Åh
ÅgShidouÅcÅcÅh
The name Origami had just enunciated enkindled a slight furrow in KotoriÅfs
eyebrows. Åc... it produced a nostalgic feeling of having heard it somewhere,
but yet at the same time also unheard of before. It was a thoroughly subtle
sensation. The other Spirits developed reciprocations akin to KotoriÅfs
reaction.
However??
ÅgUghÅcÅc guhÅcÅc?Åh
Among the Spirits, one of them mirrored how Origami had been a few
moments ago, pressing her head with her hand and tumbling onto her knees.
??????
ÅgHmhmhm, truly blissful. Ne, art thou not, Nushi-sama?Åh
Åg......Ahh, itÅfs blissful Mukuro.Åh
ÅgFufu, go to, go to.Åh
At ShidouÅfs reply, Mukuro exposed a sincere smile from the bottom of her
heart, swinging back and forth her hand that was clasped onto ShidouÅfs.
ÅgNe, Nushi-sama. Dost thou love Muku?Åh
149
ÅgOf course, lots of love.Åh
ÅgMuku withal. FufuÅcÅc ÅeTis pure bliss.Åh
With her cheeks slightly reddened, the smile on MukuroÅfs face intensified.
Åg............Åh
Spotting her pristine expression of joy, Shidou could only grit his teeth.
He was currently holding hands with Mukuro, walking down one of the main
roads of Tenguu City at a leisurely pace. It appeared that their previous date
had given her considerable enjoyment. Therefore, she proposed that both of
them take another stroll together.
ÅgNe, what is that?Åh
Every item in sight struck Mukuro as new and odd, her eyes gleaming with a
curious sparkle every few steps she took as she entered a conversation with
Shidou. On each occasion, the boy would kindly respond.
??In spite of that, Shidou was far from simply tagging along with her.
Some time ago, after <Haniel> had been rendered ineffective, Shidou did his
utmost to cajole Mukuro.
Although he indeed loved her, he also regarded everyone as equally
important. Shidou tried to persuade her to restore everyone to their former
states.
Yet Mukuro made no effort to reply. Besides, she harbored no amount of
malice. Precisely owing to ShidouÅfs love for Mukuro, other women were
supposed to be unnecessary. Furthermore, Shidou could not air his
grievances without mincing his words precisely due to the presence of other
women. Not in the least skeptical, she preserved such a system of values.
ThatÅfs right. Mukuro was pure of heart just like that.
However, this will of hers ran counter to ShidouÅfs aspirations.
Åg............Åh
But Shidou could not abandon all hope merely because of that.
150
In truth, the situation was nowhere near sanguine. As a matter of fact, Shidou
had not even a single comrade, and the tool capable of breaking the status
quo, <Haniel>, had been sealed by Mukuro.
Nevertheless, he possessed but one method of finding a way out of this
stalemate. Shidou silently touched his lips.
??Through a kiss he could seal a SpiritÅfs power.
Utilizing this mysteriously extraordinary ability that only Shidou could wield
secured the means to an end.
Via opening her heart, making her fall in love, and kissing her; Doing so
would seal MukuroÅfs power and subsequently return everyoneÅfs memories
sealed by <Michael> to their original state.
Even so, this strategy was not without its flaws.
First of all, MukuroÅfs happiness level played a major role. It seemed that she
was quite fond of Shidou; however, for someone who has been deprived of
any support from Ratatoskr, Shidou had no way to determine whether her
happiness level had crossed the threshold of being sealable. If so, he would
be unable to act carelessly at will. Mukuro possessed <Michael>. Supposing
that she discovered ShidouÅfs intentions, even his ability to seal spiritual power
could very well be, in turn, sealed off like <Haniel>.
The angel capable of sealing all existences of creation faced against the
ability capable of sealing a SpiritÅfs power. Shidou had no idea which side
would triumph over the other. If the worst were to befall him, Shidou would be
out of possible moves. He could not take any rash measures.
Moreover??
Åg......Mukuro. Why, must youÅcÅcÅh
The impetus behind MukuroÅfs irregular monopolization of Shidou as well as
why she had closed off her own heart in the first place and resolved to remain
in the lifeless vacuum of space.
Shidou believed that, under the circumstances wherein those reasons stayed
undefined, even if her powers were successfully sealed, the source of the
quandary would not be resolved.
ÅgHn?Åh
151
The words on the verge of leaking out of ShidouÅfs mouth caused Mukuro to
slant her head a little.
ÅgWhy, must you, do something like this? Åc...Say, I am, to you, ÅeintimateÅf,
right? What do you think that means?Åh
ÅgMuku hath earlier told. Such vocable cleaves to no veils. Åc...Well, if
obliged.Åh
Mukuro stood upright, pressing against her lower jaw with her fingers.
ÅgEnsuing MukuÅfs descent to the terrain in Nushi-samaÅfs bosom, Muku came
by an aberration of a vision. Within that faint vision regard Muku Nushi-sama.Åh
ÅgA dream?Åh
ÅgMn. Åc...Natheless, Nushi-sama took no part in said vision. Twas a dolorous
one at that. Of a callow fledgling forsaken in loneliness from grasp,
committing themselves to a family.Åh
ÅgEh??Åh
MukuroÅfs confounding elaboration made Shidou wrinkle his brows.
It was to be anticipated. After all, that dream was??
ÅgItsuka-kun!Åh
In that very brief moment, as if to halt ShidouÅfs train of thought in the blink of
an eye, a voice calling his name resounded from behind.
Åg......Eh!?Åh
Shidou broadened his eyes in surprise, looking back in amazement.
There were a couple of reasons for his awe. The first was simple: ever since
the previous day, Shidou had not been addressed with his own name by
anyone other than Mukuro. Each and every one of his acquaintances and
friends had been deprived of their respective memories, with the perpetrator
being none other than Mukuro. Thus, it was no longer unorthodox for him to
be not recognized by everyone.
The alternative reason was that??the quality of the voice had sounded
exceptionally familiar.
152
ÅgO-Origami!?Åh
Turning his head back to catch a glimpse of the girl standing there, Shidou
could not help but vociferate. ThatÅfs correct. The person who had called out
ShidouÅfs name out of nowhere was his classmate, the Spirit Tobiichi Origami.
Still, Origami had conformed to everyone elseÅfs behavior during their meeting
yesterday. What exactly had she done to flee from the clutches of
<Michael>Åfs ability??
Åg??Uh, ahÅcÅcÅh
Amid his grave musing, Shidou noticed at long last.
Origami had addressed him not as Shidou, but as Itsuka-kun.
To boot, the aura which the girl before his eyes had been giving off was
immeasurably milder than that of the usual Tobiichi Origami.
ÅgD-DonÅft tell meÅcÅc youÅfre the Origami of this world?Åh
ShidouÅfs eyes rounded like full moons as he spoke.
ÅgAh, unÅcÅc Long time no see??saying that would be a bit odd. After all, I
have frequently come face to face with Itsuka-kun.Åh
Origami forced a laugh ÅeahahaÅf.
In his very sight, the smile entirely uncharacteristic of Origami firmly
convinced Shidou. ??The girl now situated before his eyes was
simultaneously Origami, yet also not Origami.
Shidou had once borrowed the power of the angel of time and travelled back
in time, thus rewriting history.
Within OrigamiÅfs body, there existed both the Origami of the former world and
the Origami of the new world at the same time.
In spite of that, rather than stating that the two split personalities were
partitioned extremely well, it would be better to say that both individualities
had merged into a brand new OrigamiÅcÅc Nonetheless, it was crystal clear
that this person was the Origami of the world after it had been altered.
However, another matter entered his mind at present. Shidou interrogated,
restraining his urgent delirium.
153
ÅgOrigamiÅc.. You, still remember me!?Åh
ÅgOf course. ??Even though the me on the surface seems to have her
memories locked up. No, to be accurate, those memories were extracted out
of their conduit, right?Åh
Åg......!Åh
OrigamiÅfs words suppressed a breath from Shidou.
But this was sheer good luck. When Shidou had been isolated and without
help, a friend came into view. This fact had become something akin to a
cardiac stimulant towards the apprehension-engulfed Shidou.
Granted so??the current state of affairs would not be changed that easily.
Åg......Hueh?Åh
Beside him, Mukuro glanced at OrigamiÅfs face with a gaze of incredulity.
ÅgThou artÅcÅc a leman of ShidouÅfs. A branch in sooth, thy memories ought to
have been made fast.Åh
Mukuro sighed in displeasure, stretching her right hand forwards.
Åg??Well, it matters not. Whilst wherefore <Michael>Åfs catch was unbarrÅfd
remains unknown, howbeit, a spare lock shall do.Åh
Then, in mid-air, a glowing key staff manifested.
Åg......! Mukuro!Åh
Shidou could not hold back from yelling at the top of his voice. His actions
were to be expected. His newly appeared comrade being sealed again would
be outright unacceptable.
However??
ÅgThat wonÅft do!Åh
For some reason, Origami had shouted first, outside of ShidouÅfs
expectations.
ÅgIf an angel manifests here and now??itÅfll be detected! By that personÅcÅc!Åh
154
ÅgWhom?Åh
ÅgThat personÅcÅc?Åh
OrigamiÅfs statements rendered MukuroÅfs and ShidouÅfs heads askew.
Then, at the next split instant.
Åg??Huh.Åh
ShidouÅfs eardrums perceived a clank sound being transmitted from above.
As though drawn and mesmerized by that noise, Shidou lifted his head
upwards.
Afterwards, he spotted a young girl with hands crossed and perched still on
top of a street lamp.
Her long, enchanting, windswept hair was of the color of the Delphic night.
Her crystalline, diamantine pair of twinkling eyes, which possessed a
dreamlike radiance, was tranquilly staring down at Shidou. A jet-black Astral
Dress almost resembling darkness itself condensed into matter, twined round
her body. If now were to be the evening, her veneer would flawlessly
coalesce into the sky.
ÅgWha??Åh
Looking back at the girl seeming to exude magnificent rays like that of the
Sun, Shidou was unable to eschew widening his eyes even more.
??This girl, he had an impression of her.
ÅgFound you, wench. Åc...Un? Along with other strange people. Towards
Spirits??Hmph, the man from that time. Perfect, just burn into ashes
together.Åh
Exposing a solemn and stern expression as cold as ice, Tohka declared so
with a morose tone which echoed a death sentence.
??????

156
Chapter 9 - Oblivion of the Outside
Untold myriads of mysteries still remain obscuring the phenomenon known as
Inversion.
Kotori had remarked to Shidou when he first encountered an inverse form in
the past.
It was a metamorphosis attributed when the Sephira crystal of a Spirit is
shoved over the edge of despair; an unparalleled event where a SpiritÅfs
aggregate power plummeted to a negative numeral and transmuted into
energy of a different nature.
Shidou knew of only three Spirits whom such an occurrence had ever
happened.
The first was Origami. The girl had once vowed during her childhood to seek
vengeance against her parentsÅf enemy. In the wake of realizing the fact that it
had actually been a future version of herself who travelled back in time, she
had inverted due to the overwhelming trauma.
Another one was Nia. Having been immured by DEM for a prolonged period,
enduring unimaginably atrocious torture and interrogation, she had inverted
after those memories were forcibly awakened.
Then??there was one more.
It was none other than the person standing before Shidou.
ÅgTohÅc ÅckaÅh
He called out the name of that girl, who remained oblivious to the gravity of
his gesture.
She showed no sign of recognizing that name to be her own.
In the month of August of the previous year, during the battle at DEM
IndustriesÅf Japan Branch, Shidou had suffered a life-threatening injury from
the Wizard Ellen Mathers.
Although his life had ultimately been saved by KotoriÅfs healing flames, Tohka,
after witnessing that gruesome scene before her very eyes, had fallen into
anguish so deep-rooted that her Sephira crystal had inverted.
157
The one who appeared then was the exact same person now overlooking
them from atop the streetlight - ÅeDark TohkaÅf.
Despite possessing the same appearance and voice as Tohka??she was
an existence that was not Tohka.
An Inverse Spirit flaunting the gargantuan might of Demon King currently
stood there.
ÅgW-Why has Tohka invertedÅcÅc?Åh
In spite of his train of thought derailing into a volatile and chaotic maelstrom,
Shidou still managed to grudgingly squeeze out that sentence.
Being in her inverse form indicated that she had undergone a depressing
experience similar to when she witnessed Shidou being murdered. Exactly
what had happened to her during the course of ShidouÅfs absence??
However, his pondering was cut short then and there.
The reason was very straightforward. While Tohka perched on top of the
lamp post, her left hand seemed to lift something as coal-black particles of
light fused together and converged into a sword.
Åg<Nahemah>ÅcÅc!?Åh
Shidou detained his breath. The Demon King <Nahemah>. As the
counterpart of <Sandalphon>, it was a broadsword endowed with
unparalleled destructive power.
If a thing like that were to be brandished in this tiny town, who knows how
massive the collateral damage would be. Shidou issued a cry of misery.
ÅgStop it, Tohka! If you do that here??Åh
ÅgShut up. Begone.Åh
Tohka deafened her ears to outside words, callously narrowing her eyes and
waving <Nahemah> towards them.
A slash only describable as black light drew into the shape of a crescent
moon as it rapidly advanced closer to ShidouÅfs direction.
ÅgU-Uwha!?Åh
158
The sudden attack sent shivers down ShidouÅfs entire body.
However at that moment.
Åg??<Unlock-R?taibu>.Åh
Mukuro, who stood beside Shidou, raised <Michael> to unbar a humongous
gate in mid-air that swallowed up the strike nearing her and Shidou. The
associated impact of the slash, which was not caught within the effective
range of the gate, fissured the ground and left an enormous scar on the
asphalt of the paved sidewalk.
ÅgWah!?Åh
ÅgW??What was that just now!?Åh
The sound of the abrupt eruption sparked a clamor of astonishment among
the pedestrians in the vicinity.
But the present Tohka appeared to pay no attention to those peripheral
people, merely shooting a penetrating gaze at Mukuro, who had nullified her
previous attack.
ÅgYou bitch. You better have said your prayers after blocking that attack of
mine.Åh
ÅgMuku shall voice but thus. What be the purpose of thine advent? The
remembrances of yours all have been by <Michael> sealed, wherefore must
thou further intend to pester Muku and Nushi-sama, Muku shall spare not
another pardon for thee.Åh
Mukuro displayed a not-so-happy expression. There was a slight twitch in
TohkaÅfs eyebrows.
Åg??Just as I have intended, IÅfll make you regret not dying in that last attack.Åh
As she declared that, Tohka took off the streetlight with a kick and touched
down on the surface of the ground, gingerly hauling <Nahemah> in her hand
while moving towards Shidou.
ÅgMuuÅcÅcÅh
Mukuro should have perceived the menace of the approaching Inverse Spirit
as well. Simultaneously giving a glare not in the least careless, she lowered
her center of gravity and materialized <Michael> into its staff form.
159
This was the so-called explosive situation. An irksome aura of urgency
permeated between the two, causing Shidou to retreat a step back
subconsciously.
ÅgUghÅcÅcÅh
Still, he could not just leave them alone and unattended. If a full-scale duel
were to flare up between Tohka and Mukuro, the whole street would be
ravaged into scorched earth.
Nonetheless, the hostile tension built between the pair of Spirits on the brink
of war was spurning any foreign influence like a brick wall. Although it was
fundamentally dimensions apart from a barrier like a WizardÅfs Territory, when
nestled in-between the two of them, negligible existences such as humans
would be effortlessly obliterated. That instinctual fear made Shidou stop in his
tracks.
An ordinary person would be utterly unable to put an end to the fierce clash
between them, let alone intervene.
Yet a hands-off approach towards their conflict would not suffice either.
Shidou settled to make the first move.
However, just then, a hand was placed on his shoulder as if to prevent his
headway. ??It was Origami.
ÅgItsuka-kun, leave this to me. IÅc have a plan.Åh
ÅgEhÅcÅc? B-ButÅcÅcÅh
Even if Shidou wanted to say more, OrigamiÅfs willpower seemed to be
absolutely steadfast.
Åg??Please wait a moment!Åh
ÅgWhat be the matter?Åh
ÅgAre you going to stand in my way?Åh
ÅgU-UhhÅcÅc!Åh
Stared down by both Mukuro and Tohka, OrigamiÅfs eyes watered while her
shoulders trembled as though all her previous courage had been a pretense.
160
Nevertheless, seeming to have regained her self-control at last, Origami
spoke up with a feeble tone almost of shillyshally.
ÅgA-About that; please calm down and hear me out. ??Mukuro-chan.Åh
Åg......Hueh?Åh
OrigamiÅfs voice made Mukuro crease her eyebrows in astonishment. Firming
her resolve, Origami looked into her eyes and continued.
ÅgM-Mukuro-chan, you love Itsuka-kun, right? ThatÅfs why youÅfre unable to
forgive Tohka-san for taking Shidou away.Åh
ÅgMuu. Alas, that is the conspectus. Forbye, thou art another one.Åh
After she finished, Mukuro gripped <Michael> with a clanging sound, only for
Origami to dissuade her from doing so.
ÅgThat wonÅft do! Itsuka-kun hates things like fighting! A-And I think there are
other methods to win Itsuka-kunÅfs heartÅcÅc!Åh
Åg......Hueh?Åh
Mukuro exposed a dumbfounded expression, as she lightly slanting her head.
Then, it was now the already impatient TohkaÅfs turn to restart her previously
suspended strides.
Origami held her breath, rushing towards Tohka.
ÅgT-Tohka-san, please take it easy too! What is Tohka-sanÅfs motiveÅcÅc?Åh
ÅgTohka??are you referring to me? Åc...Forget it. I donÅft know about motives
or whatever. That man; that bastard has made me go through much misery.
IÅfll be damned if I donÅft avenge that utter disgrace. I couldnÅft care less about
you or that key Spirit, but if you so much as bother me, I wonÅft spare you
again.Åh
They were pronouncements coming off the intense killing intent emanating
from her, causing droplets of perspiration to bead atop OrigamiÅfs forehead.
However, among those statements, there was one particularly perturbing
point which made her vociferate her mind out loud.
ÅgBecause Itsuka-kun put you through miseryÅcÅc Was that when you
appeared in DEMÅfs headquartersÅcÅc?Åh
161
ÅgI am unaware of the whereabouts. But my memory of that humiliation
remains as clear as ever.Åh
Åg......Though IÅfve only heard about it, I know that itÅfs in the past. Indeed, you
were defeated by Itsuka-kun at that time??Åh
Halfway through OrigamiÅfs speech, Tohka raised <Nahemah>. The jet-black
body of the sword grazed past OrigamiÅfs cheek, creating a slight wound on
the surface.
ÅgHii!Åh
ÅgWatch your mouth. Who was, by whom, defeated?Åh
ÅgI-IÅfm sorry, my mistakeÅcÅc! When Tohka-san and Itsuka-kun confronted
each other before, even though it was purely accidental and out of your
hands, maybe some rather unpleasant memories were left behindÅcÅcÅh
Åg......Hmph.Åh
Tohka displayed a somewhat disgruntled expression and snorted. Be that as
it may, her behavior this time could be considered as bounds safer.
Therefore, Origami set her mind at rest and resumed talking.
ÅgIf you would be so kind as to recall the event, then did Itsuka-kun swing his
sword against you at that time? Did you surrender to his power?Åh
ÅgStop with the pleasantries. ThereÅfs no way that couldÅfve ever occurred.Åh
TohkaÅfs behavior tensed up in alarmed consternation all of a sudden. Origami
then spread out her hands as if to console Tohka and uttered.
ÅgE-Exactly! Exactly!Åh
Åg......What did you say?Åh
ÅgIf we were to compare Itsuka-kunÅfs actual strength, his could never match
Tohka-sanÅfs! Yet the outcome wasnÅft thatÅcÅc! Then if you defeat Itsuka-kun
here and now with full power, will you really feel like youÅfve wonÅcÅc!? WhatÅfs
more, if you donÅft settle it here, you might never get another chance to wipe
out your dishonor!Åh
Åg............Åh
162
OrigamiÅfs eloquent oration caused Tohka to narrow her eyes and immerse
herself in deep ponderation.
ÅgFor all that, in what way should I cleanse myself of the mortification brought
about by that man?Åh
ÅgItÅfsÅc.. t-through feelings! Not using brute force, but only by making him yield
his heart can it be counted as a true victory!Åh
Åg......H-Hey, Origami.Åh
Origami looked like she was trying to devise a method to persuade both of
them, although it felt as if her train of thought gradually leaned towards an
awkward route. Shidou issued a few sounds of uneasiness.
However, Origami, being wedged between two Spirits on the brink of battle,
appeared to have made no response towards ShidouÅfs qualms. With sweat
soaking her face, she anxiously observed the pairÅfs reactions.
Mukuro and Tohka then almost simultaneously tilted their heads as they
interrogated Origami.
ÅgErgo, by what measures ought this imperious shrew to be worstÅfd and NushisamaÅfs
love procured?Åh
ÅgAnswer me. How do I make that manÅfs heart surrender?Åh
ÅgYes. ThereÅfs one method to realize your objective and decide the outcome.Åh
ÅgHueh?Åh
ÅgOh?Åh
The two replied back with their interests piqued.
Origami exaggeratedly raised a hand and pointed in ShidouÅfs direction.
ÅgWhoever reaps Itsuka-kunÅfs lips winsÅcÅc how does that sound?Åh
Having arrived at a dead end, Origami blurted that out.
Åg............Eh!?Åh
After a few seconds passed, Shidou suddenly shouted in a loud voice.
163
Naturally, his yell was not the end of it. Tohka again shot her shocked line of
sight at Origami.
ÅgWhatÅfs that supposed to mean? Are you fooling around?Åh
ÅgO-Of course notÅcÅc Or could you be afraid? As a Spirit, h-h-hyaa!?Åh
Midway, OrigamiÅfs utterances garbled uncontrollably.
The reason was simple. Tohka had swung <Nahemah>, brushing it by a
hairÅfs breadth past the tip of OrigamiÅfs nose.
ÅgThink very carefully whether some words should be said.Åh
ÅgO-OkayÅcÅcÅh
Origami responded while her legs were trembling and faltering.
Yet after she had repudiated <Nahemah>, for some reason, Tohka buried her
chin within her palm as if deliberating in silence.
ÅgHmph. ??However, when I first arrived here, that man did much the same
to me as well. ??Indeed, I had been taken in then. ÅcÅcA chance for
retaliation could also be a delight.Åh
ÅgÅcÅcEh?Åh
Mukuro could not help but shrink her pupils into two tiny dots at TohkaÅfs
words, pouting in resentment afterwards.
ÅgTarry. Whence comes your rule to decide? Nushi-samaÅfs lipsÅcÅc say thou?
How be that licit for denouement?Åh
ÅgThatÅfs all right. Precisely, Tohka-sanÅfs aim is to make Itsuka-kunÅfs heart
submit. Given that the bond between Mukuro-chan and Itsuka-kun is very
strong, wouldnÅft there be no problemsÅcÅc Or could it be that you don't have
the confidence to win? That Itsuka-kun would rather choose Tohka-san
instead of Mukuro-chan?Åh
ÅgÅcÅcHueh?Åh
Mukuro directed the front tip of <Michael> at OrigamiÅfs abdomenÅcÅc and
impaled it, causing Origami to scream.
ÅgW-What is this!? Even though it doesn't hurt, what in the world is this!!Åh
164
ÅgFasten thy mouth or Muku shall turn thisÅcÅc Procuring Nushi-samaÅfs lips
foremostÅcÅc Hueh, mayhap thus is verily one tenable stratagem to make
plain the true distinction to this vixen.Åh
Mukuro retracted the key from OrigamiÅfs stomach while mumbling.
ÅgH-Hah!?Åh
The pair reached unanticipated conclusions, forcing a shade of outright
disbelief to dye ShidouÅfs face. He would have never thought that the both of
them would be utterly deceived and persuaded by OrigamiÅfs flowery, flattering
rhetoric.
Shidou pointed a helpless gaze as if saying ÅgWhat should I doÅcÅcÅh at
Origami. She thereupon gave a thumbs up and articulated, ÅgIsnÅft that great,
Itsuka-kun?Åh Afterwards, she fumbled with her own lips, knocking her chest
as some gesture.
ÅgWhatÅcÅc Ugh, ahÅcÅcÅh
Only then did Shidou recognize what Origami had been hinting at.
Exactly. She neither had been indicating the ruse of self-injury nor hoping for
Shidou to become a sacrificial pawn.
With ShidouÅfs kiss??in other words, through sealing MukuroÅfs spirit power
or awakening the original Tohka??the status quo could be contravened.
Shidou was in awe at the suddenly-arising proposal, however, this method
would definitely??
But.
Åg??!?Åh
In a split second, ShidouÅfs contemplation was abruptly cut short.
It had been a little too late when his brain comprehended the circumstances
at last. A scene he had previously witnessed reoccurred. Tohka had stomped
on the ground with her foot. A shadow had appeared before his eyes, and
then??the vast sky could be seen.
ThatÅfs right. Tohka had near instantly closed the distance between Shidou
and her, grabbing and dragging him down unceremoniously.
165
ÅgEh!? Ah!? Wait??Åh
ÅgShut up. ItÅfll be over right away.Åh
After ShidouÅfs panic-stricken hysteria, Tohka spoke an excessively unruffled
line as she exerted strength to heave him.
She then looked down at Shidou with a grim mien, her lips inching nearer and
nearer to his. Being assaulted so; Shidou could only let her do as she
pleased.
Yet??ShidouÅfs and TohkaÅfs lips were unable to kiss.
A second before the coupleÅfs lips would have touched; TohkaÅfs head had
been prodded by the tip of an enormous key.
ÅgDebarrÅfd!Åh
Mukuro stared at Tohka with piercing suspicion.
Åg??Hmph.Åh
Tohka straightened her posture, dodged the threat and darted a glance at
MukuroÅfs eyes. She next clutched onto ShidouÅfs neck with one hand, while
slashing down <Nahemah> with the other.
A sunless gloom surged forth from <Nahemah>, thoroughly hollowing into the
ground. Nevertheless, Mukuro evaded that attack by a turn of her body with
minimal effort, raising <Michael> against Tohka once again.
<Nahemah> was capable of rending an Astral Dress asunder with even a
single strike, whereas <Michael> could seal its opponentÅfs power with the
slightest touch. A Demon King and Angel each possessing their own
respective annihilating force collided at a speed indiscernible to the naked
eye.
Indubitably, all of these happened right in front of Shidou, whose neck was
still being grasped by Tohka.
ÅgH-Hyaaaaa!?Åh
A few millimeters of distance ahead of the tip of ShidouÅfs nose, the sword and
key shrouded in spirit power flew across one another successively.
166
Since TohkaÅfs left hand had tightly locked his neck into place, Shidou was
unable to move a muscle even if he had wanted to. Rather??if he were to
so much as budge, perhaps there would be a massive hole on top of his
head.
Åg????!Åh
ÅgHuh??Åh
Furthermore, amid such a tempest of sword and staff, Tohka and Mukuro
remained adamant towards the goal of ShidouÅfs lips. Inevitably, ShidouÅfs
body and neck were at their critical breaking point, moving back and forth like
the motion of an action movie starÅfs nunchakus. The potent G-force gradually
drained him of his consciousness.
ÅgWaitÅcÅc stop! Stop, you two!Åh
Prior to Shidou fainting, OrigamiÅfs voice resounded once more.
ÅgL-Like I said, not that way! Granted that your aim is a kiss, itÅfs different from
using brute force!Åh
ÅgÅcÅcMuu?Åh
ÅgÅcÅcHueh?Åh
OrigamiÅfs declaration caused Tohka and Mukuro to furrow their eyebrows in
bewilderment. Thus, the deadlock of offence and defense between them
came to a halt as ShidouÅfs body fell onto the ground with a thud.
ÅgGuh!Åh
A doleful groan came out of his throat. Origami displayed genuine concern for
the boy, while the other two emitted purposive, wispy voices.
However, as though uncaring about the fact that she had just been grappling
ShidouÅfs neck, Tohka turned her vision towards Origami.
ÅgThen, what should be done?Åh
Tohka asked Origami, staring fixedly at her.
ÅgÅcÅcHm.Åh
167
Mukuro seemed tantalized by that matter too. She exhibited a gaze keener
than TohkaÅfs aimed straight in OrigamiÅfs direction.
Under the attentive scrutiny of the two Spirits, Origami appeared to avert her
head and to be sorting out her sentences, albeit convolutedly, as droplets of
sweat surfaced on her face.
ÅgEh? Uh, forÅcÅc for instanceÅcÅcÅh
??????
??After about an hour had elapsed.
ÅgI will feed you. Open your mouth. Or else IÅfll blast a hole open on your face.Åh
ÅgThou neednÅft glean the words this vexatious wench, Nushi-sama. Twigging
her comportment, she cleaves to a malformed pate. More importantly, come,
come hither to MukuÅfs side.Åh
ÅgWhat, you bitch!Åh
ÅgOn what premises?Åh
ÅgÅcÅcAbout that.Åh
A crushing pressure, unlike before, had assailed from both sides again.
The venue was a cafe far from the main street where the pair had caused
quite a haphazard brawl. That was to be expected. After having created a
disturbance of such degree, there was no way that there would be a place
lingering nearby; in which, they could be tranquilly sipping tea.
No??describing it as ÅetranquilÅf would be misleading. After all, Shidou was
presently being caught in a pincer movement between Tohka on his left and
Mukuro on his right, both of whom were trying to stuff a strawberry into his
mouth using forks.
Tohka had been cajoled, though painstakingly, into changing her Astral Dress
to ordinary clothes for the moment??that being said, the overwhelming armtwisting
emanating from her had not shown any signs of abating.
MoreoverÅcÅc how to put it. The cafe Origami had brought them to felt
somewhat dissimilar from an ordinary cafe.
168
ÅgWelcome back, Goshujin-sama~!Åh1
ÅgHave a safe trip, Goshujin-sama~!Åh
There stood charming shop personnel sporting pleated aprons, welcoming
guests inside or seeing them out.
Yes, this was where girls served customers as female attendant: the reputed
maid cafe. ÅcÅcShidou had once passively entered this bistro in the past due
to particular circumstances, so he was well aware of the business model
here.
ÅgÅcÅcNe, Origami. Why have we come to this kind of shop?Åh
ÅgÅcÅcS-Sorry. I thought we wouldnÅft attract much attention hereÅcÅcÅh
As Shidou questioned in a low voice, Origami, who was sitting on a seat
opposite to his, responded apologetically.
Exactly. Origami was the one who had selected their current settingÅcÅc Or it
could be phrased that the cause which had led them to their predicament was
Origami.
The reason was straightforward. She, previously being coerced by Tohka and
Mukuro, had said so in her disorder:
ÅwA kiss should come after becoming intimate on a date, rightÅcÅcÅx
ÅwAs I said, tell me the specifically about the details of the method.Åx
ÅwI-IÅfm not that knowledgeable eitherÅcÅc Um, what about feeding him food
and suchÅcÅc?Åx
ÅwHsueh. So be it. Assay Muku shall.
Just like that, Shidou was being weighed down by two Spirits possessing
calamitous powers, awaiting their incessant advance at a metronomeÅfs pace.
1. The word Ç≤ÇµÇ„Ç∂ÇÒÇ≥Ç‹ (Goshujin-sama) can be used in a similar way as the word "master" in English. For instance when a maid addresses the
owner of a large mansion or a castle, she may refer to him/her as Ç≤ÇµÇ„Ç∂ÇÒÇ≥Ç‹.
But for some reasonÅcÅc perhaps it would be better to say that the two had
not given up on their duel of strength yet, seeming to have not understood
OrigamiÅfs words either.
169
Furthermore, Shidou too was still incapable of comprehension. As his mouth
was forcefully crammed by forks from both sides at the same time, Shidou
asked Origami, who looked slightly different compared to usual.
ÅgÅcÅcNe, Origami. Why did Tohka invertÅcÅc? And you alsoÅcÅcÅh
ÅgUhÅcÅc My situation is that, because Mukuro-chan locked my memories,
only the section which can link memories is left??the me who would almost
never come out under normal circumstances has manifested. As a resultÅcÅcÅh
Origami verbalized while peering in TohkaÅfs direction with her heart in her
mouth.
ÅgTohka-sanÅfs condition is I believeÅcÅc on account of her memory frequency
being sealed off and subconsciously accumulating the sense of losing Itsukakun.
I canÅft think of any other way Tohka-san could have fallen into despair,
eh?Åh
ÅgR-Really.Åh
What could have made Tohka fall into despair??It appeared that nothing
had befallen Kotori and the others. Although not even exhaustively
apprehending the state of affairs would appease oneÅfs mind, Shidou
temporarily heaved a sigh of relief.
However, possibly getting concerned about ShidouÅfs state of affairs, the
Tohka on his left abruptly snatched his head with impatience.
ÅgWhat balderdash have you been spouting since just now? Enough look at
me.Åh
ÅgGuh-hya!Åh
ShidouÅfs neck was compelled to turn, his throat emitting an anguished wail.
But Tohka was not in the least worried for him as though it was a matter of
course, laying sight on ShidouÅfs lips towards which she outstretched the fork
with a strawberry skewered on it.
Yet, in the next instant, a small ÅegateÅf rifted open right before his mouth,
engulfing TohkaÅfs fork whole.
ÅgWhatÅcÅc!?Åh
170
ÅgAhh??.Åh
Then, such a tone could be heard from Mukuro. Shidou rotated his eyes
towards her, and the fork extended through a gate in front of Mukuro, who ate
the strawberry in one bite.
It seemed that at the precise moment TohkaÅfs strawberry was about to
infiltrate ShidouÅfs mouth, Mukuro had opened another miniature gate, causing
the fork to move towards her mouth instead.
Chewing the fruit and gulping it down, Mukuro made an audacious simper at
Tohka.
ÅgWhatÅfs ado? Thou might have weened that to be Nushi-samaÅfs viands,
howbeit Åftis MukuÅfs. Hm, lest perchance thy grail is MukuÅfs lips?Åh
ÅgÅcÅcÅcÅcÅh
Tohka creased her brows with grievance, and the next instant, she hurled the
fork at an uncatchable velocity.
As a high-pitched ÅepingÅf sound reverberated, the strawberry Mukuro had held
out, along with even the front tip of her own fork itself, was sent flying up.
ÅgHn?Åh
Mukuro, lagging behind by a beat, turned her head while Tohka opened her
mouth, pressing closer to the parabolic trajectory traced by the falling
strawberry.
After munching the red fruit, Tohka spat the front end of the fork out onto the
floor. The stainless steel piece of cutlery landed with a clang.
ÅgI could say the same about you. Fishing out that wafer of fruit before me
without even the slightest precaution and more so offering it to me proposes
no difference.Åh
ÅgWhat say thouÅcÅc?Åh
Mukuro darted a disrelishing gaze at Tohka.
Just when the circumstances had deteriorated to such an extentÅc
ÅgAhh! That wonÅft do, Ojou-samas.Åh
171
As if perceiving the consistently enlarging tumult in the seats at one corner, a
maid had made an appearance on the scene to handle the complications at
ShidouÅfs table.
ÅgÅcÅcWhat do you want, wretch?Åh
ÅgÅcÅcHueh, what exceeding daft habiliments.Åh
The two Spirits put on nonplussed expressions as they observed the maid.
There was a minute twitch in her eyebrows for a split second, but precisely
since she was a professional, the maidÅfs demeanor quickly reverted to their
campaigned smiley face, persisting with her adorable appearance.
ÅgIf you continue to be so rude, no wonder Goshujin-sama is at sixes and
sevens. Why donÅft you try feeding him more delightfully?Åh
ÅgGive thou Muku what counsel?Åh
At MukuroÅfs enquiry, Maid-sanÅfs beaming smile intensified.
ÅgIf youÅfd like Goshujin-sama to eat cake, allow me to let you in on a secret
spell. Put your hands together in the shape of a heart and??Åh
ÅgÅcÅcLike this?Åh
ÅgHueh.Åh
In the course of learning, Mukuro and Tohka framed their hands into a heart.
Origami, who had been eyed by the maid, too imitated the example.
ÅgAlright, are you ready??? Repeat after me. Become delicious, Moe Moe
Kyun
ÅgBecome delicious.Åh
ÅgMoe Moe Kyun.Åh
Tohka remained impassive, whereas Mukuro seemed a bit baffled as they
mimicked Maid-sanÅfs gestures and locution. Åc...In fullness, it gave off an
impression of surrealism.
ÅgOkay! ItÅfs done! Now, Goshujin-sama would really like to eat cake, right!Åh
ÅgEh? M-Me?Åh
172
ÅgWould - really - like - to - eat - cake - right?Åh
Being flung a phrase out of nowhere, Shidou was at his witsÅf end as the Maidsan
confirmed so while edging near his face.
Despite the fact that she was bearing her business-model smile, how was
Shidou to react??She was exuding some sort of intimidating pressure
which said, ÅgDonÅft make another fuss. These are surely your women. Make
sure to keep a leash on them.Åh
Åg......O-Of course! I absolutely adore cakes the most!Åh
ÅgVery well! You earn a gold star!Åh
With a gentle giggle, Maid-san withdrew from the table.
Åg??I see. You merely need to hear it.Åh
Tohka followed the maidÅfs figure with her eyes, letting out a groan with her
nose. Then, she reached for one of the plates on the table with cake still
remaining and placed it on the floor.
Åg......? Is something wrong?Åh
Unable to make sense of TohkaÅfs conduct, Shidou uttered so in puzzlement.
She thereupon placed her hands together into the shape of a heart, pointing it
at the plate on the floor.
ÅgBecome delicious. Moe moe kyun!Åh
After casting the charm on the cake, Tohka caught hold of ShidouÅfs shirt and
pulled hard.
ÅgW-Wah!Åh
Her ferocious wrist strength tossed Shidou onto the floor, rendering him in a
crawling position with both hands on the ground.
ÅgVery well then.Åh
Tohka contentedly nodded, releasing ShidouÅfs shirt.
173
Afterwards, she rose from the chair and took a seat on ShidouÅfs back. The
supple tactile impression, moderate weight, and most importantly the posture
all engendered an ineffable tingle of immorality in Shidou, reddening his
cheeks.
ÅgWaitÅcÅc!? W-What are you doing, Tohka!?Åh
ÅgThis spell will make you want to eat that. A cur like you can only grovel and
shovel down whatÅfs on the plate.Åh
ÅgNo, y-youÅcÅcÅh
ÅgHave I permitted you to talk with that mouth of yours?Åh
ÅgAh!Åh
Tohka gave ShidouÅfs ass a slap. The sharp pain caused him to emit a loud
yell.
ÅgNow, eat like the dog you are.Åh
While she ordered so, Tohka pressed down on ShidouÅfs head.
As if in concert with her, Mukuro got up from her chair on the right of Shidou
and went to crouch in front of his face.
ÅgWhat an ill-bred wench. Nushi-sama, allow Muku to serve thee.Åh
Having said so, Mukuro seized a new fork, took a chunk of cake into her
mouth, and just like that pinched ShidouÅfs cheeks with her hands, sticking her
lips onto his.
ÅgH-Hey, Mukuro!?Åh
Realizing what she was attempting, Shidou could only let out his voice.
However, the next instant, ShidouÅfs head was abruptly tugged upwards,
prompting MukuroÅfs lips to stray off course and come into contact with the
edge of his lower jaw.
Shidou was not the one who had swerved his head but Tohka, who had
perceived MukuroÅfs ulterior motive and pulled ShidouÅfs hair.
ÅgWhat dost thou? Be not a cumber.Åh
174
Åg??Give me a break. You were scheming to kiss him, werenÅft you?Åh
ÅgHueh? How now? Muku is but feeding Nushi-sama gateau.Åh
ÅgVery well. Since youÅfve failed to comply with the agreement, itÅfll be easier to
handle. Killing you and then making this man yield will do as well.Åh
ÅgThou? Kill Muku? None other than maundering twaddle. It seems that thou
hast fairly a knack to play a jester.Åh
ÅgYou bitch!Åh
TohkaÅfs and MukuroÅfs death gazes connected, and unseen sparks vigorously
enkindled in mid-air.
ÅgOjou-samas, for your information, this is a maid cafe!! Why are you sitting on
Goshujin-sama?Åh
Having heard some commotion, the Maid-san before them came over once
again.
ÅgWhatÅfs wrong, wretch? Do you want to be knocked down too?Åh
ÅgTohkaÅcÅc!?Åh
Shidou and Origami apologized numerous times with their heads bowed
down as they quickly dragged Tohka and Mukuro out of the coffee shop.
???
Åg??Are Tohka and OrigamiÅfs coordinates still unknown!?Åh
Fifteen thousand meters above Tenguu City, the airship Fraxinus floated in
the sky as Kotori, sitting on the captainÅfs seat, interrogated the crew
members.
ÅgYesÅcÅc Nothing spotted east of Tenguu City.Åh
ÅgBecause I didnÅft bring my mobile phone, I canÅft use the GPS to locate
themÅcÅcÅh
The staff in the lower section of the bridge responded while operating their
respective consoles. Kotori could only grit her teeth.
175
ÅgKuhÅcÅc!Åh
Ever since both Tohka and Origami disappeared from the Itsuka residence,
close to a couple of hours had already elapsed. Within that period of time,
despite a meticulous search having been carried out, the twoÅfs whereabouts
were yet to be pinpointed.
ÅgWhat in the world couldÅfve happened to those twoÅcÅc!Åh
Kotori recited in a dejected tone.
As a matter of course, to Kotori, if the two had just been out for the time
being, such an overdramatized reconnaissance would not have been needed.
Yet, KotoriÅfs consternation was not without rationale or reason.
First of all, there had been a change in OrigamiÅfs behavior.
At that time, her character seemed to undergo a tremendous reorientation,
which stirred up a few knots of incredulity among Kotori and the other Spirits.
??Recollecting comprehensively, Kotori should have known that Origami.
Exactly, that was the personality of the Origami who belonged to this world,
the world after alteration. Although the cause still remains unknown, the
personality which had merged with that of the previous world had manifested
all of a sudden??
ÅgChÅcÅc!Åh
As she contemplated, Kotori felt a stinging pain in her head, quickly using her
palm to suppress the side.
World change, even though it was a matter of such severe gravity, who
exactly perpetrated it and why Kotori believed the case to be literal fact
without doubting it in the slightest were undefined in her mind.
ÅgIs all thisÅcÅc related to that guy?Åh
Kotori lifted her head with a contorted face, murmuring.
The name Origami mentioned, Itsuka Shidou, possessed the same surname
as KotoriÅfs own name.
At that time, only Origami had known the identity of the boy who had
appeared before everyone.
176
Alongside Mukuro, a Spirit that allegedly lived in the cosmos, while wielding
an angel in the shape of a key.
Neither Kotori nor everyone had any recognition of that person or Mukuro,
none could be reminisced. FraxinusÅf staff too was completely clueless, and
when they asked the Artificial Intelligence MARIA, she merely responded,
ÅgData not found.Åh
Yet under those circumstances, only Tohka had pressed her head with a
grimace of pain??like Origami, she had displayed unprecedented behavior,
gradually upheaving her cranium.
Then, Tohka scanned her surroundings and pointed her line of sight at
Origami, asking where they were, thereafter materializing a jet-black sword
and leaving once she wrecked the Itsuka household.
Exactly. ??She had inverted.
Despite the cause being unknown right now, TohkaÅfs Sephira crystal had
indeed undergone a transformation in its cardinal nature.
Due to the phenomenon occurring under a situation wherein no warning had
been broadcast, the inverse Spirit had been let to roam freely outside. What
this precisely implied was not at all rocket science, however, above that;
Kotori was more concerned about Origami and Tohka returning back to
normal. Moreover, the key to unravelling this matter perhaps lay in the hands
of the name Origami had mentioned??
Åg......! Commander!Åh
KotoriÅfs train of thought was suddenly stopped in its tracks when crew
member <Nail Knocker> ShiizakiÅfs voice resounded from the lower bridge.
ÅgActivity from the two of them has been detected!Åh
ÅgReally!? Can you provide a visual!?Åh
ÅgAffirmative! Currently instructing autonomous cameras to rendezvous at
onceÅcÅcÅh
Before Shiizaki could even finish speaking, the pixels on the main monitor
screen had already focused into a discernable image.
177
It appeared to portray a maid cafe located within the city. In a corner of the
shop, silhouettes of Tohka and Origami, who had vanished from the Itsuka
residence, could indubitably be confirmed.
No??to be accurate.
ÅgThat guy isÅcÅc and that girl isÅcÅcÅh
Kotori wrinkled her eyebrows. Apart from the two, the guy she had met the
previous day was present along with the figure of a never before seen girl.
On top of that, the loudspeakers inside the bridge immediately sounded an
alarm afterwards.
ÅgWhaÅcÅc What is it this time!?Åh
As if with the intention to reply Kotori, the string of characters ÅeMARIAÅf was
outputted on the auxiliary monitor.
Åg??Spirit waves identified. Tohka inherently emits such undulations, while
anomalously exorbitant waves have been observed in the female beside her.Åh
ÅgWhat did you sayÅcÅc?Åh
A thunderstruck expression cropped up on KotoriÅfs face as she watched the
girl reflected on the screen. She was a delicate girl with blonde hair and
golden eyes. Unaware of why, when Kotori looked at her physique??her
chest region in particular??she felt enveloped by a sensation akin to
recollecting a certain embarrassing mortification happening in the distant
pastÅcÅc possibly a chance encounter from another life.
Even so, now was not the time to be thinking on such affairs. Since spirit
waves have been perceived from her, then so be it.
ÅgAÅcÅc Spirit? Could she be the Mukuro that Origami was talking about?Åh
ÅgSuch a hypothesis is appropriate. Furthermore, Spirit fluctuations of a
minuscule wavelength have also been distinguished as emanating from that
boy.Åh
ÅgHuhÅcÅc!?Åh
MariaÅfs monotones elicited a gasp from Kotori.
ÅgHold it right there. That guyÅfs a Spirit too!?Åh
178
ÅgI am unable to confirm, it seems that there are slight deviations from the
standard Spirit wavelengths coming from a normal Spirit.Åh
Unswervingly yet meaningfully, Maria expounded.
ÅgWhatÅcÅc the hell happenedÅcÅcÅh
As KotoriÅfs face was dyed with apprehensiveness, she viewed the screen
anew.
On the monitor was a male youth??Shidou, who was crawling on the floor
while being sat on by Tohka and fed cake mouth-to-mouth at the same time
by an unfamiliar girl??Mukuro.
Åg......Really, what in the worldÅcÅcÅh
Kotori mumbled in a muffled voice while putting her hand on her forehead.
At this time, an ominous ambiance brewed amid Tohka and Mukuro, on the
verge of eruption.
Then, Origami doggedly interposed herself between them as Shidou
attempted to coax the two with all his might. Subsequently, they exited the
cafe and headed towards a different location.
ÅgE-Even though we havenÅft figured out their motives yet, we canÅft just let
them be. In short, keep a close eye on them! Set the alert level to the highest
possible! Prepare to move at any time!Åh
ÅgRoger!!Åh
All the personnel shouted together in unison.
??????
Åg...............Hn.Åh
In the street, Mukuro heaved a downcast sigh.
??From just now, her mind had kept feeling like a pincushion being pricked
by the pins of agitation over and over again.
179
That was but a matter of course. Ultimately, two girls whose recollections
should have been sealed by Mukuro in order to be alone with Shidou had
appeared.
What could be the root of all this? <Michael>Åfs power was absolute. Tohka
and Origami should not even be able to remember Shidou.
However, in reality, Tohka and Origami had appeared before Mukuro,
thwarting her meeting with Shidou. There was no blaming her for developing
unbearable dejection.
After departing from the coffee shop, Mukuro and the others had strolled for a
period of time under the guidance of Origami in the direction of their next date
site.
Be it the cinema, arcade, or department storesÅcÅc regardless of where,
Tohka kept intervening in MukuroÅfs repetitive endeavors to steal a kiss from
ShidouÅfs lips. Both parties were in locked in a stalemate.
If there was anything exasperating, it would be the fact that she was
incapable of reveling in the briefest amounts of time all alone with Shidou.
And owing to the presence of Tohka and Origami, MukuroÅfs time with Shidou
was being whittled down little by little, which constituted a major part of her
mental strain.
Shidou belonged to only Mukuro. He loved only Mukuro. Only Mukuro could
love him. Those two outsiders had stepped foot and trespassed into their
territory. It was truly unforgivable.
Mukuro had no intention of being detested by Tohka and Origami, and
therefore acted so
Due to the existence of those two, more and more of ShidouÅfs and her time
together was being frittered away.
Shidou had associated with, responded to, and smiled at people other than
Mukuro.
His voice, words, and expressions were supposed to be for Mukuro alone.
Yet, it had been snatched away by others.
At this point, Mukuro sensed an impulse bludgeoning her to scrape her very
own skin off.
180
Åg......What hath befallenÅcÅcÅh
Whispering in a feeble voice inaudible to everyone, she crossed the tips of
her thumbs.
In the first instance, Mukuro ought to have instantly skewered their brains with
<Michael> and locked up their memories.
Nevertheless, Origami pleaded innocent, and Tohka was constantly on the
lookout for Mukuro. Things would not go that smoothly. Additionally, the
reason as to why both of them could be exempted from <Michael>Åfs ability
remained in doubt. As a consequence, even if she were to seal their
remembrances a second time, there was no guarantee that they would abide
in such a state and not intrude upon her view once again.
Perhaps, similar to what Shidou did in outer space, there prevailed another
angel that could replicate <Michael>Åfs powers. If such was the case, the fact
that they were able to remember Shidou would prove to be explainable and
well within the bounds of probability.
However, by the same token, the aspect wherein the other girlsÅf recollections
stayed sealed became dubious. No, there was a possibility that everybody
had already recouped their memories and was conspiring in a plot to take
Shidou away from MukuroÅcÅc
Åg??E-Erm, our next destination is here.Åh
Amid MukuroÅfs thought process, Origami, who was leading the party, had
ceased her steps and articulated so.
It appeared that they had arrived at the upcoming battlefield for TohkaÅfs and
MukuroÅfs fight for Shidou.
Mukuro, on pins and needles, creased her brows and turned her gaze in the
direction at which Origami was pointing.
Åg?? Åc...Hm.Åh
Mukuro could not refrain from holding her breath.
Thump. Her heartbeat accelerated fiercely, and her breathing began to turn
erratic.
181
Why did it become like this? Even Mukuro herself was oblivious. However,
the moment this object towering aloft came into her imminent view, a peculiar
palpitation assailed her.
There stood??a monumental building with the exterior of a sky-scraping
peak.
Åg......Well, this does look like a suitable place for a date.Åh
Having long since left the cafe, Shidou commented as he eyed in the
direction indicated by Origami.
Before the entire group was a steeple soaring high into the clouds??
predominantly known as the Tenguu Tower. It was a ubiquitous radio tower
which was reconstructed after the great spacequake in the South Kanto
region three years earlier.
There was an observation tower in the interior, whereas the periphery of the
structure was comprised of a diversity of business facilities. This site was
commonly regarded as a tourist attraction, and many couples as well as
families would often pay a visit to the bustling location.
Åg......Speaking of which; now that I think about it, Tenguu Tower has really
gone through a lot of stuff.Åh
ÅgUn, it was completely destroyed in the big spacequake three years agoÅcÅc
A lot of new centers were then built.Åh
Origami said in acknowledgement.
Tohka, who had been crossing her hands, thereafter tapped on the banisters
while shifting her vision.
ÅgIn that case, whatÅfs up with this tower?Åh
ÅgAhÅcÅc about that, lovers who kiss on top of the lookout tower are blessed
with good fortune, or rather, theyÅfre said to be blessed according to an urban
legendÅcÅc Well-matched with the contest, donÅft you think?Åh
ÅgSilly.Åh
Almost as if spitting the word out, Tohka sighed and raised her head in
scrutiny of the tower.
182
ÅgWhatever, to heck with it, as long as I can squash this manÅfs heart, the
venue doesnÅft matter. Choose somewhere he can worship me while youÅfre at
it.Åh
Åc...It seemed that she was wide off the mark again. Shidou and Origami
shared a glance, each of their faces dripping with sweat.
At that moment, Tohka advanced in heavy strides by herself. Letting her
wander alone in that condition would prove to be extremely precarious; as a
result, Shidou and Origami hurried to catch up.
ÅgHmÅcÅc?Åh
Shidou turned back.
The cause was obvious. Mukuro, who had been walking along with Shidou up
till just now, had come to a standstill.
ÅgMukuro? WhatÅfs wrong?Åh
Åg..................Nay.Åh
ÅgEh?Åh
MukuroÅfs voice was hoarsely decrepit, making Shidou slant his head.
Åg......Nay. Go not. HitherÅcÅc go not.Åh
ÅgMukuroÅcÅc?Åh
Shidou could not help but wince at her outlandish air.
Until the present??Mukuro, who had never once vacillated since TohkaÅfs
and OrigamiÅfs appearance, was now evidently showing signs of discontinuity.
No, not only that but also, perhaps, foreboding.
ÅgH-Hey, are you alright, Mukuro?Åh
Worried, Shidou looked closely at her face. Noticing the circumstances,
Tohka and Origami too halted their steps and approached them.
ÅgWhat now.Åh
ÅgM-Mukuro-chan?Åh
183
Shidou placed his hand on the delicately quivering MukuroÅfs shoulder, and
looked towards Origami and Tohka.
ÅgThough I donÅft know what exactly is going on, Mukuro doesnÅft seem to like
this place. Should we go somewhere else?Åh
ÅgReally? Then, letÅfs find another??Åh
ÅgIn other words, sheÅfs admitting defeat.Åh
TohkaÅfs glacial tone punctuated OrigamiÅfs words. ShidouÅfs hand on MukuroÅfs
shoulder flinched slightly.
ÅgIÅfm indifferent. This match with you is merely supplementary. You can just sit
there and watch me humiliate that guy.Åh
Åg......Ugh, keep thy jestsÅcÅc to thyself.Åh
Mukuro focused her field of vision, staring fixedly at Tohka. Afterwards, she
gradually trod forwards with sluggish steps.
ÅgH-Hey, Mukuro, you donÅft need to force yourself, you know?Åh
Åg......Concern not. Muku shanÅft ever concede Nushi-sama to that wench.Åh
In spite of her pallid, cadaverous complexion, Mukuro remained adamant and
insisted.
Faces of unease began to betray Shidou and Origami as they each gave
each other a quick look, but dissuading Mukuro was already beyond the
question. Together, they then hastened to keep up with Tohka.
After purchasing entry tickets at the base of the premises, they ascended
towards the lookout post using the elevator.
Throughout this period, MukuroÅfs expression had taken no turn for the better.
Not long afterwards, the elevator came to a halt as it reached its stop.
Disembarking, Shidou tugged at Mukuro, whose feet were still heavy with
torpidness.
The observation tower was constructed such that it commodiously girdled the
elevator in the center and was surrounded with glass windowpanes. Inside
were stores with local specialties on display, a modest cafe, and even
simplistic shrines where people could give offerings to the deities of love.
184
Despite being termed a lookout tower, this was not merely a place for
sightseeing.
ÅgHehe.Åh
Tohka remarked in a low voice, while walking towards the window reflecting
the streetscape. Origami rushed to her side in a flurry.
On the other hand, MukuroÅfs condition appeared to deteriorate.
ÅgMukuro, are you okay?Åh
Åg......Hn, Muku is unscathed.Åh
With a substantial nod, Mukuro straightened her posture and started to trudge
forwards. Yet no matter how one saw her, it was palpably an empty show of
waning strength.
ÅgUm, Mukuro, whatÅfs really bothering you? Are you afraid of heights?Åh
Shidou questioned anxiously. For a Spirit who had drifted through the
cosmos, having acrophobia would be quite unlikely. Even though Shidou
deemed so, the Mukuro of that time had basically sealed her own heart. The
current Mukuro could very well fear a completely different thing altogether.
However, she sluggishly swayed her head from side to side.
Åg......Nay. JustÅcÅc for aught, Muku just disrelishes hither.Åh
ÅgHates hereÅcÅc eh. Mukuro, could it be that youÅfve come here before?Åh
Åg......Hm.Åh
As Shidou enquired, MukuroÅfs shoulders trembled.
ÅgBlur. Muku knows not.Åh
ÅgIs that soÅcÅcÅh
In that instant.
Åg??I see. This does feel delightfully distinct compared to flying in the sky.
Hmph.Åh
185
Tohka, who had been leaning on a glass panel, then reversed her bearing
and proceeded towards the others.
ÅgWell then, let the clash begin once more. WeÅfll see which one of us manages
to steal this manÅfs lips first.Åh
ÅgA-About that, Tohka-san. I hope youÅfre aware, like I said beforeÅcÅcÅh
ÅgI know. Deceiving and winning him over will do.Åh
ÅgYou donÅft understand at all!?Åh
ÅgJust kidding??All right, prepare yourself, key Spirit. IÅfll pound that calm
face of yours into pieces.Åh
Tohka dauntlessly declared, both of her hands tracing out the previouslylearnt
heart-shape gestureÅcÅc How was one to put it, she seemed to have
confused this victory pose with some one-hit kill move.
Mukuro, who was in a near-limping state, forged ahead a pace as though in
opposition.
Åg......Betake thyself. Thou shalt be edified that there is nary leeway for thee to
entrench on betwixt Muku and Nushi-sama??Åc...Guh.Åh
All of a sudden, Mukuro was struck by a dizzy spell and a vomiting reflex at
lightning speed, forcing the girl to suppress her stomach and mouth, buckling
her stance into a curve.
ÅgM-Mukuro!?Åh
ÅgMukuro-chan!?Åh
In the thick of the hue and cry of environing visitors, Shidou and Origami ran
towards her.
??????
ÅgAre you okay, Mukuro-chan?Åh
Åg......Hueh.Åh
186
Inside the ladiesÅf restroom, Origami was patting MukuroÅfs back when she
replied.
Head still teetering while gnawing, her body, which had been anguishing as if
a wrecking ball had slammed into her belly a moment ago, started its ascent
from rock bottom as the inclination to throw up was palliated. Mukuro erected
her posture in an attempt to modulate her breathing by inhaling voluminous
gulps of air.
Åc...The origin as to why she was in such demurring repudiation and
repugnance of this location likely dwelled in the forgotten lapses of her
memory.
Although hypotheses of the area being under some form of preternatural
enchantment or the sway of particular material could be postulated, a
supposition of that gauge should have an impact on other people. Why was
only Mukuro affectedÅc...
(??Mukuro, is it possible that youÅfve been here before?)
Then, ShidouÅfs fleeting suggestion sprang across MukuroÅfs mind.
Perhaps her own recollections had been sealed themselves, rendering her
incapable of remembering past events, and she had indeed once come to this
place before. And in turn, some rather unpleasant incident might have
occurred here.
As one would expect, <Michael>Åfs ability was infallible. However, when the
padlock to MukuroÅfs heart had been unlatched by Shidou, maybe a minor
slip-up had dawned on her, thus creating the possibility of unanticipated
chemistry arising between her remembrance and the current setting.
Provided with that, then unlocking her memories via <Michael> would
instantaneously shed light on her present enigma along with the solution to?
Åg............Åh
Nevertheless, as she reached out her left hand to summon her angel, Mukuro
firmly reined in her breath.
For some reason, a harshly dissentient resolution strangled her entire frame.
If it were to be opened, the rankling lack of certainty where her heart could
utterly crumble into depravity vexed Mukuro to no visible end. This
187
momentous prediction mutated into a perception of an absolute taboo,
freezing her hand in place.
Åg......Mukuro-chan?Åh
Dumbstruck at MukuroÅfs condition, Origami nervously asked.
Mukuro drew in air afresh before she answered.
Åg......What be it?Åh
ÅgU-Um, are you alright?Åh
ÅgVerilyÅcÅc Shall we make headway whitherward Nushi-sama lies?Åh
ÅgAh, unÅcÅcÅh
MukuroÅfs pacing resembled that of the ill, dilapidated and sluggish. Origami
followed her with persistent worry.
Åg............Åh
At the notion of that gentle caress back there, Mukuro abruptly came to a
stop.
Åg......Thou art clept Origami, eh?Åh
ÅgUm, yeah.Åh
ÅgWhenas time dictates thy memories be sealÅfd, Muku shall show thee spare
mercy than that crepuscular wench.Åh
ÅgEh?Åh
MukuroÅfs verses extorted a whimsical yelp from Origami.
ÅgU-Uh, should I beÅcÅc thanking you for that?Åh
Åg......Hm.Åh
Mukuro lightly crooned and turned to retreat from the lavatory.
ÅgWhatÅfs the matter with MukuroÅcÅcÅh
188
At the observation post atop Tenguu Tower, Shidou thought aloud with a face
full of convolutedness.
That was but of course. Mukuro, having born a phlegmatic disposition just
until a few moments ago, had collapsed right after entering Tenguu Tower
and blenched in the echoes of a surreptitious trauma.
Granted that she was a baleful Spirit who had locked everyone elseÅfs
memories, the point of fact that she was still a person necessitating protection
remained unaltered. Shidou was distressed to extremes.
And??
Åg............Åh
ShidouÅfs eyes darted to the side??merely to encounter Tohka, arms
crossed and not in the least pleased.
ÅgWhatÅfs your damn problem?Åh
Keenly noticing, Tohka shot back a menacing stare. ShidouÅfs body cowered.
Åg......! N-NothingÅcÅcÅh
ThatÅfs right. Since Origami had accompanied Mukuro to the restroom, such a
situation was bound to happen. To be frank, the tense atmosphere had been
brimming ever since.
Perhaps tentatively for the sake of a fair fight, Tohka had been waiting with
forbearance. However, if she were to blow a fuse and take to her heels, there
would be no restraining her. Feeling such restlessness was nothing short of
inevitable.
Åg............Åh
Be that as it may, with but a careful second thought, being able to converse
face-to-face with an inverted Spirit was already far-fetched. Shidou had up till
the present met three Inverse Spirits including Tohka. Because they may very
well indiscriminately attack without rhyme or reason, if truth be told, Shidou
himself had little to no experience in talking with them.
ÅgHey.Åh
In the middle of ShidouÅfs musing, Tohka suddenly spoke up.
189
ÅgW-What is it?Åh
ÅgEver since just now??make that ever since ever, IÅfve been wondering. Is
the Tohka you keep spouting out with that mouth of yours supposed to be my
name?Åh
Tohka gazed at him with an impersonal look.
Eyes broadening, mouth agape, and head bobbing were the only feedbacks
Shidou could muster??rather than the content of her query, the aspect that
Tohka would actually be the one to initiate a conversation with him
astonished Shidou even more.
ÅgAhÅcÅc thatÅfs true.Åh
ÅgWas I??no, the me of this side the one who came up with that?Åh
ÅgNot reallyÅcÅc it was me.Åh
Åg............Åh
Shidou replied honestly where after Tohka raised her foot and stomped on
his.
ÅgUwah! W-What are you doing all of a suddenÅcÅcÅh
ÅgIt moved by itself.Åh
ÅgO-OhÅcÅcÅh
Shidou miserably lifted his head.
Åg......Do you have another name?Åh
ÅgNo, so despite my reluctance, donÅft hesitate to call me using the name
Tohka.Åh
ÅgI see. ??Then, Tohka.Åh
Her foot came falling down again on his at the very mutter of that name.
ÅgW-What nowÅcÅcÅh
ÅgIt moved on its own.Åh
190
Åg......Åh
As though to revivify himself, Shidou let out a little cough.
Åg......Um, Tohka. Who are you really? What does it mean to invert? In the first
place, what is a SpiritÅcÅcÅh
ÅgInvert, huh. Is that supposed to be what you lot are calling the me of this side
when she turns into me?Åh
ÅgUnÅc yeahÅc I guess so.Åh
Tohka purveyed a humph and continued.
Åg??I abhor that terminology of yours. Speaking of which, I am the genuine
incarnation of the Sephira crystal??a Spirit in and of itself.Åh
ÅgEhÅcÅc? W-What does that mean?Åh
Bewilderment struck ShidouÅfs face as he asked.
Prior to TohkaÅfs inversion, Shidou had once listened to an explanation
regarding the phenomenon from Kotori.
Yet even Fraxinus had not acquired full knowledge of the transformation, and
Kotori had to delineate speculation based upon bits and pieces of information.
Fed up, Tohka pinched her eyebrows.
ÅgWhen the First Spirit divided up its own power and created the Sephira
crystals, their quintessential nature was that which you term inverse. Despite
everything, the First Spirit changed it into what it is now. In other words, itÅfs
the exact opposite of your assumption.Åh
ÅgWait, why wouldÅcÅcÅh
ÅgPerhaps it was for it to be better capable of adapting to the humans of this
world. Sephira crystals werenÅft things of this realm to begin with. Preserving
such a state would erode the human body to a great degree.Åh
ÅgHaÅcÅc?Åh
TohkaÅfs nonchalant tone translated to merely stupefaction in Shidou.
191
ÅgW-Wait a moment. I donÅft follow. The First Spirit wanted to make Sephira
crystals more suitable for peopleÅcÅc? WhatÅfs that supposed to mean!?Åh
Shidou could not help but stand straight and seize her shoulders, reiterating
his enquiry.
With an incensed expression, Tohka grabbed hold of the collar of ShidouÅfs
shirt and hoisted him up.
ÅgGuhÅc AckÅc!?Åh
ÅgDonÅft lose your sense of measure, measly human. My statements did not
stem from your request but from no more than a simple whim.Åh
Her gaze honed in on him, and the grip on ShidouÅfs shirt stiffened
incessantly.
ÅgHmph, weakling. If IÅfm going to do it anyway, why donÅft I steal your lips right
here right now. That bitch. This would be the fastest way to end things.Åh
Tohka laid hold of his chin with her other hand, taking her time to inch nearer
and nearer.
ÅgH-Hey, TohkaÅcÅc!?Åh
Shidou squealed out of exigency.
Tohka then expelled a puff of air, vapidly turning her face away.
Åg??As if, you imbecile. Something of this pointless sort wonÅft make your
heart yield.Åh
But in that instant.
Åg??Haaaah!Åh
Alongside that shriek appeared a glister out of the corner of ShidouÅfs eyes. At
that moment, Tohka released her firm grasp, and ShidouÅfs body dropped to
the ground as a result.
Åg......Cough! Cough, coughÅcÅcÅh
Shidou struggled to suspire as he raised his head, only to find Mukuro
presently standing before him. Her expression vehemently sanguinary, she
tightly clasped the key angel <Michael> in her hands.
192
ÅgFie! How darest thou lay thy filthy hands on Nushi-samaÅcÅc!Åh
Åg......Hmph, it has nothing to do with you.Åh
Issuing a somber reply, Tohka stared back at Mukuro with a sepulchral look.
ÅgWhat say thou!?Åh
But Mukuro showed not even the tiniest shred of timidity??It would be more
precise to illustrate her as having been sparked ablaze, her face dyed with
shades gloomier than indignant wrath. She grabbed Tohka like she did
Shidou, by the front of her shirt.
ÅgW-Wait, Mukuro! IÅfm alright, so??Åh
Shidou took it on himself to obviate disaster immediately. However, all heed
was soon lost from Mukuro and ousted by a glare overflowing with
unshakeable killing intent at Tohka.
ÅgArt thou conniving to crib Nushi-sama from MukuÅfs side? To reave Muku of
he whom Muku loves, who loves Muku?Åh
ÅgLike I give a damn, annoying. Let go of me, you wretch.Åh
Tohka shouted unpleasantly as she sliced down with her right hand.
A small cut appeared on MukuroÅfs face, with the grazed nip of her skin
soared through the air.
Åg????Åh
MukuroÅfs breathing froze still as the girlÅfs hold of TohkaÅfs shirt slackened.
Even so, this did not imply that she had been petrified by TohkaÅfs act of
aggression. She made no effort to wipe the blood gushing out of her cheek,
simply watching the few strands of golden hair cascading onto the ground in a
faux-stupor.
ÅgAh??a-ahÅcÅcÅh
Mukuro widened her eyes and shouted.
Then.
Åg??ThouÅcÅc Thou caitiff????????!Åh
193
The next split second, ShidouÅfs vision brightened beyond understanding.
TohkaÅfs body was blown away, being defenestrated out of the glass
windowpanes of the lookout tower and into mid-air.
Åg......Huh! UahÅcÅc!?Åh
Against the jagged fragments of the shattered window, Shidou could only
bend his body down in circumvention, but he soon raised his head up again.
??The observation post was in the twinkling of an eye, thrown into outright
chaos and disarray in every respect. All the visitors in the area screamed and
cried, scrambling towards the central elevator in a frenzy.
This was nevertheless to be expected. After all, the fragile glassware had
been demolished just like that, and a girl had been sent flying??
On top of that, the girl herself and the other girl who had sent her flying were
currently standing on the outer wall of the tower, unperturbed.
ÅgYou bitch.Åh
Åg??Un-forgivable ÅcÅcunforgivable, unforgivable, unforgivableÅcÅcÅh
Mukuro, who had already manifested <Michael> some time ago, and Tohka
were now poised in confrontation at the exterior structure of the building.
Both parties defied gravity, positioned exactly perpendicular to the vertical
plane of the wall.
Of course, they themselves felt no ounce of incoherence at their aberrant
feat. The two emanated murderous purports.
ÅgPut asunderÅcÅc MukuÅfs hair. Nushi-sama??extolled by Nushi-samaÅcÅc
MukuÅfsÅc hair??Åh
As Mukuro was glaring daggers at Tohka, she seemed to be chanting
something.
Her body was enshrouded with scintillating particles of light, which
commingled into an external garment that divaricate a gently undulating glow.
??Astral Dress: the absolute armor of a Spirit.
Åg......! Mukuro! Stop it! Tohka didnÅft mean to??Åh
194
Shidou yelled in vain as Mukuro had utterly deafened her ears to any outside
noise. She applied force to the hand clutching <Michael>.
At once, she transfixed her own chest with the front tip of <Michael>.
ÅgWhatÅcÅc!?Åh
Åg<Michael>??<Release-Shifuru>.Åh
Mukuro turned the key.
In that instant, her Astral Dress diffused a blinding radiance??and its
outward form underwent a transmutation. Its graceful, elegant appearance
profoundly twisted, turning into a mirroring paragon of her furious outrage and
high dudgeon.
Simultaneously, the <Michael> in her hand transfigured too. The key-shaped
angel was recast into a prolonged halberd.
If her previous Astral Dress and Angel were that of a goddess, then her
present attire would resemble that of a savage warrior.
This was by no means a Sephira crystal inversion. However, from the
moment Mukuro became that way, concentrated, murky reiryoku dissipating
from her had begun to ripple the surrounding air.
ÅgT-This isÅcÅc!?Åh
ÅgMukuro-chan!?Åh
ShidouÅfs and OrigamiÅfs voices overlapped.
ÅgHoho?Åh
But there was one among them who brimmed with intrigue and narrowed her
eyes??Tohka.
Åg??Very well. The fight for the kiss ends here. Doing it this way is far clearer
and simpler.Åh
Subsequently, a coal-black Astral Dress emblazoned TohkaÅfs figure, and the
Demon King <Nahemah> materialized in her hand.
ÅgSore, sore, unforgivable! Return to naught!Åh
195
ÅgWell then. Bring it on. IÅfll personally hack off that head of yours.Åh
Mukuro vs. Tohka.
A Spirit possessing cosmic power opposed the Inverse Spirit
??????

197
Chapter 10: The Key and the Sword
On board the bridge of the airship Fraxinus, the main monitor displayed a
view of the lookout post atop of Tenguu Tower, with shards of glass flying out
everywhere. At the same time, a fierce alarm erupted from the speakers.
ÅgÅcÅc!? This is??Åh
ÅgTwo strong Spirit waveforms have been detected! One of them shows values
of Category E!Åh
"WhatÅcÅc!?"
After hearing <Deep Love> MinowaÅfs words, Kotori knitted her eyebrows.
Spiritual wave reaction, Category ÅE E. In other words, rather than a normal
Spirit reading, an entity endowed with the spirit power of an Inverse Spirit had
appeared.
Despite that, the present situation was not completely unexpected. After all,
Tohka, who had inverted, should currently be in the observatory.
No??using the preposition in would have been inappropriate.
On the primary screen, two Spirits leisurely stood upright against the glass
curtain wall, their lengthy windswept hair dancing in the breeze.
ÅgÅcÅc!Åh
As KotoriÅfs attention was focused on the monitor, another loud noise
reverberated in the bridge once again.
It was the echo of a piercing, blood-curdling siren that roiled the surrounding
air.
However, it didnÅft originate from the ship itself. The spacequake alarm was
issued only after observing the spirit power of the two.
Usually, the spacequake alarm was sprung by observing the spatial
fluctuations that occur when Spirits from the neighboring world appear in this
world.
Of course, in this country, the AST would not let these abnormal spirit wave
readings go unnoticed.
198
The crowd on the street immediately dispersed. Everyone was in a hurry to
evacuate to the nearby shelter.
ÅgKuhÅcÅcÅh
Kotori glimpsed at the scene reflected on the main display before making a
frustrated face while clenching her fist.
<Ratatoskr> was an organization aimed at saving Spirits. They could not just
sit back and watch this emergency unfold.
However, nothing came to KotoriÅfs mind as she tried to concoct a specific
method to solve the present situation. The usage of FraxinusÅf weapons and
CR-units might be able to suppress the runaway Spirits, but it would be no
different from DEM's and ASTÅfs deplorable methods. Afterwards, unless they
managed to deal with the power of the Spirits manually, the problem would be
dragged out further.
However, it was impossible to seal the spiritual power of the Spirit, no matter
how they utilized the capabilities of Realizer devices. If so, Kotori and the
others had until now??
ÅgWellÅc.Åh
??Something was missing. Kotori frowned at the pain suddenly stabbing at
her head.
It resembled a highly complex puzzle that was missing a vital component.
Without that missing part, it would be very difficult to piece together.
"! Commander!"
As Kotori was thinking back and forth in a circle, she was snapped back into
reality after one of the crew members called out to her.
In the deck of the observation post, the battle between the pair began when
they both kicked off the ground ??no; rather, it was when they stomped the
wall. The two of them had already been ignoring gravitational force the
moment they started fighting.
One of them was wearing a dark Astral Dress and holding a single-edged
sword ??the Inverse Spirit, Tohka.
199
The other person possessed flowing blonde hair, a Spirit who held onto a
key-shaped halberd ??if one heeded OrigamiÅfs words, then that person
would appear to be Mukuro.
Both sides were running on the wall while scattering abnormal levels of
spiritual power. With each exchange of their weapons, layers of glass coating
the observation platform would be destroyed one after another by the
aftermath of their spiritual power as sparkling fragments were scattered into
the sky.
"...Anyway, we cannot just stand by and watch. At least the damage to the
surroundings may be??"
Kotori was about to give instructions to the crew, but she was suddenly
interrupted.
The sound indicating communication from the external line rang.
"Communication... Where did it come from?Åh
ÅgA general line??ItÅfs coming from OrigamiÅfs mobile phone!Åh
"What was thatÅcÅc!? Hurry up and put us through!"
As Kotori issued the command, the sound of OrigamiÅfs voice resounded from
the speaker after a rustle of static noise.
ÅgKotori-chanÅc. ItÅfs Origami.Åh
ÅgOrigami! What have you been doing!? Tohka andÅc who is that other
Spirit!?Åh
ÅgSorry, IÅfll explain laterÅc.! Time is running out! Quick, help me! Carrying on
like this won't do. Can you stop those two's movements using FraxinusÅf
territory!?Åh
"That'sÅcÅc manageable, but it's impossible to completely suppress a Spirit of
such strength. At best it'll only make them feel that their body has become
heavier??Åh
As Kotori was speaking, another voice resonated from the speaker.
The voice did not come from Origami but sounded rather distinctively
masculine instead.
200
"After that, leave it to me...!"
"WhatÅcÅc"
Kotori widened her eyes in astonishment.
The voice of the unexpected man originated from OrigamiÅfs phone, and yet
Kotori was surprised by the tranquil feeling from hearing that voice.
ÅgYou, what are you talking about? Saying to leave it to you at the end??Åh
"ThereÅfs no time to explain every detail. I have a way to stop them, so please
believe me. Can you help me?"
ÅgÅcÅcÅcÅcÅh
That earnest voice made Kotori fall silent for a moment.
But then.
ÅgÅc.Expand the territory to the area where Tohka and Mukuro are fighting! At
the same time, deploy the <Yggdrafolium> to minimize the damage done to
the surroundings!Åh
"Commander!?"
The crew members issued their astonishment. After all, even though it was
also part of OrigamiÅfs request, but for Kotori to actually listen to the words of a
strange man...
Yet for some reason, even after Kotori had made the decision, there was a
subtle feeling of it being positively appropriate. It was as though they had
done this before; as if there had been several times where this boy had made
the same request; like there had been a few occasions - with his
unreasonableness.
Kotori pulled out her Chupa Chups and turned over her jacket before
speaking.
ÅgEnough, execute it immediately. This war belongs to us.Åh
ÅgH-How is it, Itsuka-kun?Åh
Origami turned to face Shidou with an uneasy expression. He nodded his
head in response and handed the cell phone back to her.
201
"Well, theyÅfre willing to help us."
"Really? ThatÅfs great..."
"Well... It's true that having Origami act as the intermediary was a big help."
After Shidou said so, Origami shook her head in response with a fufu sound.
ÅgThatÅfs incorrect. Itsuka-kun was the one who conveyed those words.Åh
ÅgNo, Kotori doesnÅft remember me right now.Åh
Origami once again shook her head to refute his claim.
ÅgMaybe thatÅfs not wrong, but surely itÅfs not just because of that in this case.
This time she naturally understood your words because you two are brother
and sister.
ÅgIs that so...Åh
Shidou scratched his face after giving a wry smile. He then took a deep
breath and slapped his face to regain his concentration.
ÅgBut weÅfre finally at the starting line. We must find a way to stop Mukuro and
Tohka. Right now, we donÅft even know how MukuroÅfs relationship levels are,
let alone if establishing the seal through a kiss with the memories still sealed
will restore Tohka back to normalÅc Either way, sink or swim, we can only
stake everything on a single chance.Åh
Shidou clasped his fist and stared back at Origami.
ÅgÅcÅcPlease, I canÅft stop the two of them by myselfÅcCan you lend me a hand
too?Åh
ÅgItsuka-kunÅcÅcÅh
Origami gave a slight smile, making a promise of her own.
ÅgOf course, if I let Itsuka-kun go by himself, IÅfll certainly be at odds with myself
later on.Åh
Origami exclaimed, as she extended her fingers and turned her body to
continue.
202
ÅgAnd besidesÅc IÅfm really happy youÅfd want to rely on me. Being able to
accompany Itsuka-kun??Girls donÅft get happy just by being protected, you
know.Åh
ÅgOrigamiÅcÅcÅh
As Shidou uttered her name, Origami gazed across his shoulder before
directing a mischievous smile towards Shidou. Then, she fished out
something which looked like a silver dog tag from her pocket and held it over
her forehead as it chimed a ping of confirmation.
ÅgApproval, Tobiichi Origami. ??<Brynhildr> deployed.Åh
The next moment, a faint light surrounded OrigamiÅfs body, and the elegant
silhouette of metallic armor enclosed her frame.
CR-units were the technological culmination of the miraculous invention
known as Realizers. It was the only instrument that enabled humans to fight
on equal ground against the Spirits.
Not only was she suited up, but Origami had also overlaid the CR-unit
<Brynhildr> with a pure white Astral Dress which resembled a wedding gown.
ÅgThis is??Åh
Åg??Fufu. Have you fallen in love, Itsuka-kun?Åh
Despite Origami replying in a joking manner, her cheeks glowed with a
reddish tint as if she was slightly embarrassed by her own words.
"Well, erm, I didnÅft mean it like that."
ÅgEh, hahaÅc.Åh
After Shidou had slowly loosened his mouth in reaction to the embarrassing
retort, he quickly regained his composure by sharpening his gaze.
Åg??LetÅfs go, Origami.Åh
"Yeah...... Itsuka-kun."
As both of them voiced so, they simultaneously stepped into the battlefield.
203
??????
??The streets echoed with the hustle and bustle of a turbulent siren.
While looking at the waves of the people rushing towards the refuge shelter,
Natsumi wrinkled her brows in bewilderment.
ÅgÅcÅcThe spacequake alarm? That meansÅcÅcÅh
ÅgCould it be thatÅcÅc theyÅfre in trouble because of Tohka-sanÅcÅc?Åh
As if to answer NatsumiÅfs statement, Yoshino responded in an anxious voice.
Although they had no inclination for thinking so, the possibility was very high.
She nodded her head in consent.
After what had happened, Natsumi was now searching for Tohka and
Origami, who had suddenly exhibited drastic changes in their respective
personalities. Even though Kotori said to leave everything to her, not a single
one of the Spirits could obediently stay silent and wait.
Despite them knowing virtually nothing about what happened to those two, it
was obvious that the complication by no means comprised a usual, trivial
matter.
The issue was not only centered around Origami acting more forthright and
candid than usual. Instead, the main dilemma was Tohka, who, after
collapsing from a violent headache, emitted a violent aura as she raised her
head.
In spite of the resemblance to the time Nia had inverted, they were still
unaware of the reason behind it. But that was??
ÅgYosshi! Nattsun!Åh
As she was lost in thought, Natsumi was brought back to reality when she
heard someone call out to her.
Bestowing a special, signature nickname was a typical characteristic of Nia.
Looking in the direction of the voice, they saw Nia and the other Spirits, who
had also been on the search for Tohka. It seems that they had all convened
before coming here.
"What happened, have you found her?Åh
204
ÅgNo, but it looks like something happened on the other side of Tenguu Tower.
We should go over there to check!Åh
Nia pointed in the opposite direction from which the flow of people emerged.
Natsumi and Yoshino, after exchanging glances, nodded their heads in
agreement together.
????????
ÅgHaaaaah!Åh
ÅgMere paltry gestures??!Åh
The key-shaped Angel and the Demon King sword clashed innumerable
times.
Concurrently, the discharge of spiritual power behind every impact formed a
compact explosion that dilated instantaneously, producing dazzling light and
deafening shock waves which spread in all directions.
To boot, the key-shaped angel, <Michael>, having changed its appearance
from that of a staff to a halberdÅfs, was creating numerous miniature doors at
irregular intervals, launching attacks to target TohkaÅfs blind spots.
For an ordinary person, it would be unfeasible to catch a glimpse of the flash
sparked by a sword swing of such divine swiftness. No??even a Spirit
should not be able to deflect the slash. In this regard, both sides were locked
in a mutual stalemate. Seeing this, Tohka issued a declaration of faint praise
towards her opponent.
Granted that <Michael> could seal spirit power, it was only temporarily since
the other side boasted the potential to open the seal. It seemed to resemble
the sublime beauty of a closed flower bud rising into full bloom. Consolidated
murderous intent and hostility were directed towards destroying the halberd.
The glass panes of the observation deck that Tohka and Mukuro used as
footholds while they fought flew piece by piece in the aftermath of their battle.
Tohka turned around and jumped further to the top of the observation
platform??moving towards the iron section of the tower.
205
ÅgDost thou desire to bereave Muku of company? To incite solitude in Muku?Åh
Mukuro issued a brief groan of lament as she prepared to commence another
swift assault not a second later.
ÅgSlay. Slay. Muku shall slay whosoever dares take Nushi-sama from her.Åh
ÅgHumph! DonÅft be all bark and no bite. Try to pierce me with that key,
woman. If you can do it, just try.Åh
ÅgThy remarks are undueÅcÅc!Åh
In response to TohkaÅfs taunt, Mukuro prepared to utilize <Michael>.
As in concert with that action, Tohka felt a strange sensation dispersing
through her body.
It was as if she had been swallowed by an invisible viscous liquid. The weight
of her body felt heavier, and it became more and more tiresome to move her
limbs.
"ÅcÅcWhat is this?"
For a moment, she thought it was the work of Mukuro??No. Mukuro also
displayed the same sense of immobility. She directed her line of sight towards
Tohka with an expression asking, ÅgWhat did you just do?Åh
It would appear that neither of them was the culprit. Perhaps the ones behind
this were the humans Shidou and OrigamiÅcÅc or one of their collaborators.
However, such an annoyance would not change anything for Tohka. The
enemy ought to be annihilated, nothing more.
ÅgTake that!Åh
It seemed Mukuro had the same idea as Tohka. She kicked upwards to
accelerate into the sky and used <Michael> to dispatch an endless barrage of
continuous, dense offensives.
Tohka inhaled a small breath and prepared to aim a piercing strike directed at
<Michael>Åfs handle to repel the assault.
ÅgÅcÅcHmm?Åh
206
Possibly due to being faced with such offence and defense, Tohka slightly
scowled.
There was no doubt that each of MukuroÅfs blows was besmeared with a
power that could merit a fatal blow.
However, what was the best way to describe it. TohkaÅfs intuition told her that
Mukuro would not use this attack to decide the outcome of the battle there
and then.
Any action taken by the other party should also be obstructed by the invisible
force, and it was not like Mukuro had no intention to kill Tohka.
It was hard to say??but yes, it felt like she was merely paving the way for
the finishing blow.
As Tohka was thinking, Mukuro made a discreet move. Using herculean effort
to move <Michael>, she took aim with the intentions to destroy with a piercing
attack.
However, it had missed as a result of Tohka taking the precaution to, within
the paper-thin difference in time, twist her body to avoid the attack.
But, at the very next moment.
Åg<Michael>??<Unlock-R?taibu>.Åh
After Tohka rotated her body to avoid <Michael>, Mukuro used her angel to
open a door behind Tohka.
Åg??Tsk.Åh
For an instant, she thought an attack would burst from that door??yet that
was not the case.
The door began to breathe as it sucked in the surrounding air.
Tohka, who was standing near the steel tower, was thrown into the sky.
Maybe the other side of the ÅedoorÅf was connected to a space with a large
pressure difference.
Although Mukuro predicted that this would not be enough to suck Tohka in
whole, it presented nothing more than a chance to strike at a vulnerable
opening??.
207
Åg<Unlock-R?taibu>!Åh
Hearing Mukuro shout interrupted TohkaÅfs thought process.
The huge door that had opened in front of Tohka must have been at least a
hundred meters in diameter. It sucked in all the nearby lumps of iron, stone,
wood, along with any other polymers composing the structure.
"Chi??"
Perhaps the gravitational pull was strong enough to even attract a massive
building. Tohka fixed her posture holding <Nahemah> and directed her blade
towards the edifice.
In a single slash, the sword severed the building precisely like a line. The two
halves avoided Tohka and fell to the ground.
But at that moment.
Åg<Michael>??<Solution-Jerez>!Åh
Just after noticing the door between the large sliced buildings that Tohka had
recently precipitated, a key-shaped halberd stabbed outwards from within it.
Åg????Åh
Having already prepared herself for another sword swinging stance, even if
she had turned around, it would be too late.
As the spear end of <Michael> was about to impale Tohka, it pierced through
a wedge of the building that was falling.
Then??
"WhatÅcÅc?"
Tohka frowned instinctively.
The huge constructions surrounding Mukuro, as well as TohkaÅfs Astral Dress,
were instantly annihilated.
Even though it had been torn apart, it was not engulfed by the door - it just
vanished into thin air from the spot.
208
Nevertheless, time would not wait for their consideration. As the door
continued to enlarge, from there, Mukuro continued to launch a relentless raid
of attacks using <Michael>.
ÅgHah!Åh
ÅgThese useless acts of yoursÅc!Åh
Tohka defended against <Michael>Åfs onslaught while moving out of the way
by riding the momentum.
After landing on the ground, she summoned again the Astral Dress which had
been entirely erased moments ago.
That being said, the Astral Dress had yet to be completely restored to its
original state. Even for a Spirit, creating an Astral Dress that served as an
absolute fortress required a considerable amount of spirit power. The fact that
the Astral Dress was lost without lowering the input power meant that the
aggregate amount had been shaven down.
ÅgÅcÅcÅcÅh
As Tohka was monitoring MukuroÅfs movements without hesitation, she felt
the remnants of spiritual particles in her surroundings.
ÅgThe spirit power which constituted my Astral Dress remains in the air??this
is not utter destruction. It seems to me that key can disintegrate molecules
and spirit particles. I see, so this is your trump card.Åh
ÅgÅcÅcÅcÅh
Mukuro did not answer but matched her field of vision to Tohka on the
ground.
In response, Tohka postured herself to use <Nahemah> in a perfunctory
manner.
In front of her stood a worthy opponent.
Even though her emotions were coated with murderous notions, Tohka could
still calmly look into her opponentÅfs gap??ThatÅfs right, if one must say, it
was nerve racking because she was so calm.
Åg??Humph. You make up a decent fighter, even with your childish face.Åh
209
After giving a thin smirk, Tohka turned <Nahemah> to point towards her
cutely worthy rival.
However, just before the two were about to cross weapons again.
ÅgWait, you guys!Åh
ÅgPlease, you two, calm down!Åh
Shidou and Origami appeared between them.
Tohka pouted her lips in displeasure as she re-gripped her grasp on
<Nahemah>Åfs hilt.
"Have you come to block my way? ......Well, whatever. I already intended to
defeat everyone!"
Tohka gave a loud roar as she swung down <Nahemah>, the jet-black sword
drawing forth a crescent moon-shaped arc towards Mukuro and the two
people who had come to interfere.
However, Origami, who was wearing both a metallic armor and her limited
Astral Dress, massed the black spirit power to the tip of her spear before
dissipating TohkaÅfs attack.
ÅgÅcÅcWhat?Åh
Tohka narrowed her eyes at the unexpected phenomenon.
She was not entirely surprised that Origami could deflect that blow. Right
now, TohkaÅfs movements were restricted by some mysterious power; so
naturally, it was not a serious release of her sword swing. Also, if Origami had
been using the power of a Spirit, it would not have been strange for her to be
able to block the attack.
However, it was evident that Origami was carrying the same type of fragrance
as Tohka??in other words, the so-called inverse spirit power.
The sensation Origami exuded was similar to the spirit power enveloping
Tohka right now.
Perhaps the tip of the spear could accumulate the spiritual pressure drifting
around the vicinity. After all, the high output should be reasonable owing to
the abundant quantity of spirit particles composing her Astral Dress, which
had been broken down by Mukuro.
210
ÅgHmmÅcÅc this oneÅfs good, that too??Åg
Tohka honed her range of sight as she heaved <Nahemah> over her head.
Then, she kicked off the ground to leap into the air.
Åg??You can keep me entertained!Åh
ÅgÅcÅc! SheÅfs coming! Itsuka-kun, IÅfll leave you to deal with Mukuro-chan!Åh
As Origami shouted, the dark spirit power surrounding the tip of her spear
formed a barrier to protect Shidou from TohkaÅfs attacks.
Tohka, who was adorned in a black Astral Dress, and Origami, who donned a
white one, both flew into high altitude as they exchanged mutually intertwining
blows.
Looking at the scene from the ground, Mukuro grumbled something in a
subtle voice.
ÅgSlayÅcÅc Slay. Aught, who would pilfer Nushi-sama, are adversaries.
MukuÅc Muku disrelishesÅc loneliness.Åh
ÅgMukuro!Åh
ÅgÅcÅc!Åh
After suddenly hearing her name being mentioned, Mukuro turned her eyes to
the direction of the voice.
Åg??Nushi-sama.Åh
Exactly. In front of Mukuro was none other than Itsuka Shidou.
ÅgO-OhÅcÅc Nushi-sama, Nushi-sama. Stay assured, for Muku will return that
wench to naught. Thereafter??Åh
ÅgMukuro!Åh
In order to interrupt her, Shidou grabbed Mukuro by her shoulders and once
again shouted her name out. Mukuro couldnÅft help but be afraid after seeing
such a desperate look.
ÅgWhat be the matter, Nushi-sama? Entrust everything to Mukuro.Åh
211
ÅgThatÅfs not rightÅcÅc It shouldnÅft be like that, MukuroÅcÅc! Stop this. I donÅft
want Tohka to disappear or Origami to forget about me. IÅfd really hate
thatÅcÅc! Both of them are..... no, everyone is precious to me!Åh
ÅgÅcÅcÅh
Listening to ShidouÅfs words, MukuroÅfs body convulsed as though she had just
choked on her breath.
However, Shidou resumed without noticing MukuroÅfs condition.
ÅgWhyÅcÅc Why? Please tell me, Mukuro. Why are you trying to eliminate
everyone?Åh
Shidou remarked at the end of his tether as he pleaded.
Mukuro replied with a trembling voice from her throat.
Åg??Why.Åh
ÅgHuh?Åh
ÅgWhy doth Nushi-sama speak such vocables? LovesÅcÅc Nushi-sama Muku
not? Muku loves Nushi-sama withal. Doth that not suffice? Yet wherefore!?
Wherefore!!Åh
Mukuro paid no attention to the tears brewing in her eyes.
ÅgMuku loathes this, Muku wishes not to be aloneÅcÅc! Be it Nushi-sama or
whosoever??Åh
Åh??Tohka-san! Origami-san!Åh
At that point, as if to interrupt Mukuro, a voice appeared from an unknown
location.
ÅgW-Why are those two fighting each otherÅcÅc!Åh
ÅgKya??! What a disaster??!Åh
Åg??Åh
Six girls appeared unexpectedly.
212
They were the Spirits whose memories should have been locked by Mukuro
using her angel. With a confused face, they all looked up to the sky, watching
the fight between Tohka and Origami.
ÅgWhat??Åh
Looking at those girls, Mukuro felt as if her heart had just tightly contracted.
ÅgAll of you forbyeÅcÅc Ye have come to snatch Nushi-sama away from Muku?
Unforgivable. Unforgivable! No longer??Åh
Her head was spinning around, while a nauseous feeling spread through her
body.
Mukuro placed her two hands on <Michael> as she turned its tip??
Åg<Michael>?? <Lock-Segva >!Åh
Towards the ground??no, she inserted the key towards the Earth and
turned it around.
At that moment, with that location as the epicenter, vigorous earthquakes
started to propagate through the periphery.
For the people who were standing there, it gave the impression of being near
an industry-scale drilling machine.
It was as if the Earth had transformed into some sort of planetary creature
that was pulsating.
The tremors began to encompass the nearby surroundings.
ÅgÅcTsk!? Wa, what!?
ÅgÅcÅcW-WhatÅfs going on!?Åh
ÅgPredicament. Is this an earthquake?Åh
Shidou and the Spirits were stunned by the loud noise ringing their eardrums.
Mukuro gave out a gentle smile as she stroked ShidouÅfs face with her hand.
ÅgNo longerÅcÅc need thou worry. With thisÅcÅc none shall pester us.Åh
ÅgMukuroÅcÅc? What did you just do?Åh
213
Åg??To this Earth, <Lock-Segva> hath been cast. Howbeit, a few ticks of the
clock seem to be of necessity in the wake of its vastness, albeit in ultimatum,
this celestial body shall cease all motion.Åh
ÅgWhat?Åh
Shidou was momentarily stunned as he stumbled on his words. However,
Mukuro did not appear to notice ShidouÅfs expression, her smile becoming
more unnerving as she continued to speak.
ÅgThus, all beings which cumber will perish. Nushi-sama shall with Muku bear
company in the cosmos for aye. HeheÅcÅc What eagerness.Åh
ÅgWhat areÅcÅc you saying??Åh
The color of ShidouÅfs facial expression was that of complete bafflement.
Mukuro did not worry about his facial expression??ThatÅfs right, there was
one more enemy that she could not let anyone else defeat.
ÅgHey, Mukuro! Wait!Åh
While listening to ShidouÅfs voice from her back, Mukuro looked up at the
black shadow in the sky and kicked the trembling ground.
ÅgKya??! ItÅfs an earthquake??! IÅfm scared??! Natsumi shield activated?
?!Åh
ÅgArenÅft you still able to brief the situation leisurelyÅcÅc!Åh
Natsumi shoved away Miku, who was using the seismic episode as an
excuse to hug herÅcÅc Needless to say, the differences in physical and
mental strength rendered any resistance useless.
However, now was not the time to be concerned with that event. After all,
Origami and Tohka were fighting an intense battle in the sky; the spacequake
alarm was ringing ceaselessly; and there was the mysterious trembling of the
ground. They didnÅft even know what to do first in this situation.
"W-What on Earth should be doneÅcÅc?"
ÅgWellÅc.although IÅfm not really on top of things, right now itÅfs not okay to not
stop Orimin from fighting with Toka.
214
"Agreement. If this continues, it will be noticed by AST and DEM??"
Åg??Everybody!Åh
At this time, they all suddenly heard a distant voice. The Spirits looked in the
direction of that voice.
"ÅcÅcEh?"
After looking at the figure of the person who stood there, they all stared
unexpectedly.
It was a natural reaction. After all, it was the strange boy who had cried out
yesterday.
ÅgYouÅcyouÅfre the person from yesterdayÅcÅc?Åh
"ÅcÅcEh, to be able to stalk us even when the spacequake alarm is going off,
some people would be impressed. Ah, but I wonÅft feel touched by it.Åh
Natsumi responded with her eyes half-closed as a boy was running towards
the group in a panicked state.
Sensing the alarm in everyoneÅfs eyes, the boy lowered his head.
ÅgEverybody ... please! Please lend me your power!Åh
ÅgÅcÅcHa? Eh, whatÅcÅc?Åh
At the sudden request, the Spirits all formed puzzled expressions on their
faces.
"ErÅcÅc What happened?"
Despite bearing a confused look, Yoshino still felt the need to say that. Truly,
she had to be a goddess with a heart filled with affection in order to be this
gentle towards a complete stranger.
Then, the boy lifted his face.
ÅgMukuro??that Spirit who turned her key to the earth. If this goes on, itÅfll
become a huge disaster! PleaseÅc everyoneÅc lend me your strength!Åh
Just like this, the young man continued his desperate plea.
215
ButÅcÅc Natsumi frowned in response. That's right. First of all, the meaning of
that boyÅfs words was still unknown. Apparently, he knew well about the
Spirits, yet this fact merely made him sound even more suspicious.
??However.
ÅgÅcÅcI understand if you canÅft believe in me.Åh
After a little hesitation, Yoshino nodded her head. Natsumi opened her eyes
and glanced at that direction.
ÅgY-Yoshino? WouldnÅft it be better to approach with more consideration? I
guess it's too suspicious like this...Åh
ÅgYesÅcÅc but he doesnÅft look like a bad person. Though IÅfm not sure how to
put it, I, uh?? want to be able to become this personÅfs strength.Åh
YoshinoÅfs eyes brimmed with firm determination as she shook her head.
Afterwards, the other Spirits started to agree one by one too.
ÅgKaka, so be it. At least he seems to apprehend the minimal amount of
manners.Åh
ÅgApproval. For some reason, I presume this has happened before."
ÅgMu...... Well, if all of you say thatÅcÅc A boy is a boy, but when you trim it a
bit youÅfd look pretty cute.Åh
ÅgAh??didnÅft it work out in the end? Something like this really gets your
blood fired up.Åh
ÅgEveryoneÅcÅcÅh
The young boy wiped his faintly moist eyes.
Natsumi seemed to feel slightly embarrassed, taking in a deep breath.
Åg......What. This makes me seem like the only bad guy here? I understand; I'll
follow along as well??What are we supposed to do first?Åh
As Natsumi finished, a jubilant expression surfaced on the face of the boy?
?then, suddenly his body stopped moving.
"Well, thatÅfs??"
216
Apparently, he had not even considered what to do first. Natsumi once again
breathed out a sigh.
At that momentÅc
Åg??Really, what are you guys doing.Åh
Although they couldnÅft verify the source, they had all heard KotoriÅfs voice.
Åg! Kotori-san!?Åh
ÅgEh, from where?Åh
ÅgIÅfm transmitting my voice through <Fraxinus>Åfs Territory system. ??Just
like that boy said, the ground is being corroded by spirit power. Although
weÅfre unaware of what will happen to the Earth, we canÅft just leave it alone.
??For now, weÅfve designated six different locations as the starting points
with the <Yggdrafolium>. If you start sending your Reiryoku to those points,
we may be able to delay the corrosion of the ground for a while.Åh
"Huh, I see. ThatÅfs incredible, Kotori. Be my family.Åh
"That wonÅft be necessary. ??It will only be able to delay it for a while.
Unless we do something about the Spirit and Angel who caused this, the
problem will still persist. ??Can we really can leave it to you, Itsuka
Shidou?Åh
After Kotori ended her question, the young man nodded his head in
confirmation.
"AhÅcÅc Thank you so much, everyone, IÅfm really grateful."
After finishing, the boy turned his back to everyone and began to head out.
Seeing this action, Natsumi asked another question.
"ÅcÅcWhere are you going?"
Without looking back, the boy answered.
"To that place, where a child is waiting for my hand."
????????
217
On the ground that continued to vibrate slightly.
ÅgNushi-sama??Muku shall concede not.Åh
Mukuro sharpened her range of sight as she gazed at Origami and Tohka
exchanging mutual blows in the sky.
Towards Tohka, who was currently preoccupied with fighting Origami, it was
certainly possible for Mukuro to take advantage of the situation to launch a
successful attack from behind.
Åg<Michael>??<Unlock-R?taibu>!Åh
As Mukuro shouted, she used her hands to turn <Michael>. At that moment, a
'door' appeared, wherein the front tip of <Michael> could barely fit.
Of course, the other side of the door was connected to a blind spot of
TohkaÅfs. ??There, <Michael> would pierce and turn. In that case,
everything would be over. <Solution-Jerez>, <Michael>Åfs secret ability to
ensure the total decomposition of any material matter. In front of this
unparalleled power, all things in this world would return to nothingness. At this
point, even Tohka should be no exception.
Åg<Solution-Jerez>ÅcÅc!Åh
After Mukuro spotted the timing where Origami and Tohka were distracted by
their clash, a small key-shaped angel would protrude out into the space from
a door.
However??
ÅgDonÅft do it! Mukuro!Åh
Just as <Michael> was about to pierce through the door, Shidou stood up and
spread out his hands in front of Mukuro.
Åg??!?Åh
Due to the unexpected action from Shidou, Mukuro gawked blankly with her
eyes as her body began to tremble.
But it was too late. Through the reflexes of her wrist, <Michael> slightly
deviated from its target as it pierced through ShidouÅfs shoulder.
ÅgKuhÅcÅc!?Åh
218
ShidouÅfs face distorted with pain. In response, Mukuro quickly used her arms
to stop the influx of power being unleashed by <Michael>.
But.
Åg????Eh?Åh
At the next instant, as if hit by a strange sensation, Mukuro let out a stunned
voice.
By piercing Shidou with the long halberd, phantom-like images began to
manifest, with feelings of undiluted anger that flowed through. No, to be more
precise, there was also something flowing from MukuroÅfs side.
Although they didnÅft know what it was in the end; however, it seemed as if the
feelings between Mukuro and Shidou were being intermingled. It was like the
feeling of shaking two different liquids within a bottle together.
Ah??but it wasnÅft the first time she encountered this feeling. Exactly. At that
time in outer space, the same feelings brewed when Shidou had used his
pseudo <Michael> to pierce her.
Åg??Åh
??ThatÅfs right, at that time.
??
That cold winter day.
In the face of my own frustration, certain existence appeared.
It bore semblance to someone who was fully submerged in water, or a
strange figure enshrouded in mosaics.
And that someone had given me something resembling a gemstone with a
brilliant golden hue.
From that moment onwards, I, ??Hoshimiya Mukuro, became a Spirit.
However, I felt neither doubts nor fears.
No, rather it would be more appropriate to say that I felt an even greater
feeling of joy.
219
I had received <Michael>, a key-shaped angel which could close any object?
?even invisible things such as human memories could be locked.
Using this power, I could certainly make sister, father, and mother love only
me.
So, I immediately, and gladly, used this power. Opening a door in space, I
utilized <Michael> to close the memories of my family from every
acquaintance, or nearly anyone that recognized my sister and parents for that
matter.
??However, in the end, things did not go as I had planned.
After coming back home, the reactions of my family were filled with utter
confusion. The unusual situation of having no one remember them left a
sense of overwhelming bewilderment; nobody was concerned about Mukuro.
I believed that if all the surrounding people were to forget about them, they
would all love me again.
Yet, the backlash from my family after discovering that I had been the cause
of the situation was far from love or affection.
Astonishment and anger; dismay and agitation; and also??rejection.
Father, Mother, and sister were all afraid of how I obtained such
unfathomable power and thereafter alienated me.
Not much was to be reminisced with regard to what they had said
subsequently. In spite of being able to recall the scene as vividly as it had
occurred, only fragmented words came and disappeared.
ÅgMonsterÅh, ÅgAh, what did you doÅh, ÅgDonÅft killÅh, ÅgGet outÅh, ÅgYouÅfre??not our
familyÅh.
Evidently, perhaps the brain had judged that my heart would be unable to
bear the burden of all those memories, so they were specifically frayed and
tattered in this manner.
Even so, I could clearly remember the painful knot in my chest at that time.
Uncomfortable, sad, painful, and lonely, ??these feelings spun around
constantly in my head. And so, I went to Father, Mother, and sister, using
<Michael> to lock each and every single memory of myself.
220
??Because it seemed as though something would have happened if those
words had plagued me any longer.
And thus, I was alone again.
Though it was by no means the same??I returned to loneliness after having
experienced the warmth of a family. It cruelly mirrored starving a man who
had known satisfaction all too well.
In retrospect, I likely possessed no qualifications to ever love something in
the first place.
Being born without love, I failed to notice how its shape had contorted.
If you love, you must also be loved.
If you love, you must look within solely yourself.
Therefore, Mukuro closed the lock.
To my memories.
To my heart.
In order not to recall the warmth of a family after having felt it once.
??In order to never love something again.
??
ÅgAh??Åh
In front of the door opened in space, Shidou let out a small voice that
sounded unusual of someone who just had <Michael> stabbed into his
shoulder.
Remarkably, it was not that painful. Rather, via <Michael>, the memory of a
girl came flowing into him.
It was the dream that Shidou had been watching for the last few days.
And??it was probably the memories that Mukuro had sealed.
221
Thinking about it, Shidou had only dreamed that after he had used his pseudo
<Michael> to open the lock on MukuroÅfs heart in outer space.
Although he was oblivious to its specific principles, but perhaps at that time,
the seal locking MukuroÅfs memories collapsed, allowing her recollections to
be relayed through <Michael> and into Shidou.
Then, again by means of <Michael>, the memory was shared between the
two of them.
ÅgMukuroÅcÅc youÅfre, no, you too are??Åh
Shidou imparted a small voice while trembling and reaching out to Mukuro.
But at the next moment.
ÅgAh, gahÅcÅc!?Åh
Shidou now perceived a severe pain in the region where <Michael> had
struck. From his shoulder down to his wrist, everything had snapped and
ricocheted like a bullet.
"Ou... ugh, gaaaaaaaah??"
As a result of the pain from the shock, Shidou gave out a scream as if his
throat had been crushed.
It was a completely distinct feeling in comparison to having his hand cut off.
His shoulder disappeared as though denying it had ever been there. What
remained of his wrist fell to the ground over a large pool of blood.
"Ga ... ah, aaaaaah!"
Shidou reflexively used the Angel of music, <Gabriel>. He employed the spirit
power in his voice to increase his resilience in order to withstand the bleeding
and torment.
At the same time, Shidou called on <Haniel>, even though it was at a pitiable
level, to close the woundÅc. Had Mukuro used <Michael> to seal away his
ability to use <Haniel>, he would have been incapable of doing anything.
Fortunately, it seemed that only <Haniel>Åfs ability to transform into <Michael>
had been closed.
222
Of course, despite giving the impression of water on rocks, it only had a minor
effect??at least it prevented him from going crazy owing to the anguish or
losing consciousness.
Even with <Camael>Åfs healing flames generating smoke on the wound, it was
uncertain if it could cure a trauma of such magnitude. It would take more time
if possible, as even now the effect still hadnÅft kicked in.
ShidouÅfs face was covered in sweat as he looked towards Mukuro.
ÅgMu-Åc -kuro??Åh
"AhÅc A-Ah??Nushi-sama, nayÅcÅc! Muku, Muku wished not to kill NushisamaÅcÅcÅh
But looking at the sky with empty eyes, MukuroÅfs body began to quiver with
fear. She dropped <Michael> down from her arms and started talking in
incoherent words.
ÅgNayÅcÅc Forsake Muku notÅcÅc a-a-a-ah, Nushi-sama, Ane-samaÅcÅc
Muku, MukuÅcÅcÅcÅcÅcÅh
Like a dream, memories and reality began to jumble in her mind. Mukuro held
her head tightly in confusion.
The next moment, tears dripped from MukuroÅfs eyes. A torrent of spirit power
of a muddy color began to emanate from her body.
"Ugh?? a-aaaaaaaaaargh!??"
ÅgThis isÅcÅcÅh
Shidou squeezed out a hoarse voice.
He was no stranger to this phenomenon. ??Inversion.
The fact that she had, by her own hand, caused a mortal injury to Shidou,
and??simultaneously recovered the memories that she herself closed in her
mind.
Certainly, these factors were enough for engulfing MukuroÅfs heart in an abyss
of despair.
Crimson cracks appeared on the elegant and valiant Spirit, taking on a color
that embodied chaos itself. The flowing tears transformed into pitch black
223
darkness, and <Michael>, which had fallen to the ground, dissipated into
dust. Then, a large demonic key began to appear behind Mukuro.
ÅgNo, pleaseÅcÅc Stop, Mukuro!Åh
If this subsisted any further, Mukuro would really invert.
Shidou slowly stepped forward with staggering feet.
However, MukuroÅfs body lay at the very center of a potent vortex of spiritual
power that stopped ShidouÅfs advancement and pushed him back in
retaliation.
ÅgGuh??!Åh
In his current condition, it was arduously difficult to avoid the attack.
Somehow, he managed to endure the blow by focusing all of his strength to
his feet.
At the next moment, a tremendous slash fell from above, dissipating the spirit
power in front of Shidou like foggy mist.
ÅgEh???Åh
Shidou started blankly at the sight. At first, he thought it was assistance
provided by <Fraxinus>??but that was wrong. This was from <Nahemah>.
ÅgHumph.Åh
While in thought, Shidou heard a voice coming from the sky.
ÅgDonÅft misunderstand. As to why I humiliated myself for a bastard like you,
such an easy death would be unsuitable even for the likes of you."
Tohka gave an annoyed expression before once more facing against Origami
in the sky.
ÅgTohkaÅcÅcÅh
Shidou whispered for a moment before turning to face Mukuro.
TohkaÅfs words likely didnÅft contain any especial implications. But it was an
indisputable fact that her blow had paved the way for him. Shidou couldnÅft
save her by himself, so he thanked Tohka for providing him with the
224
opportunity to reach Mukuro. While taking small footsteps, he reached out his
remaining hand to hold Mukuro.
His body could muster only a bit more power. It would be more accurate to
say that he was leaning forward rather than embracing her. ??Yet that
didnÅft matter. Shidou gathered the strength in his throat to say something.
ÅgMukuro! Mukuro! Come back! No, you canÅft go over there!Åf
Shidou was using the last ounce of strength in his body to talk to Mukuro.
??Shidou had not understood it before.
The reason for why Mukuro wanted to exclude everyone and monopolize
Shidou.
As a matter of fact, jealousy, alongside the desire to keep someone for
oneself, was a feeling which everybody had. However, in MukuroÅfs case, the
extent was way beyond the level of ordinary.
Nonetheless, speaking of the present.
Through MukuroÅfs memories that were shared by <Michael>, Shidou now
understood.
Because??
ÅgMukuroÅcÅc youÅfre??me.Åh
Shidou continued to talk to Mukuro, who was enveloped in darkness.
Yes, Mukuro and Shidou were extremely similar to each other. ThatÅfs why
Shidou had first thought that the dream of MukuroÅfs past was rather of his
own past.
In the past, Shidou had been abandoned by his mother and had become
caught in loneliness.
Yet, when he was adopted by the Itsuka family??father, mother, a little
sister??for the first time, he also understood the warmth of a family.
Therefore, he could comprehend.
ÅgMukuroÅcÅc You were actually worried inside. You were in distress, yet you
didnÅft know what to do, right?Åh
225
MukuroÅfs shoulders began to convulse after she heard ShidouÅfs hoarse voice.
Precisely, Mukuro felt uneasy.
Because in the beginning of her memory, the existence named ÅeloveÅf was
absent.
One day, all of a sudden, she was given a warm, tender feeling that was
comfortable and dazzling while not knowing how to cling onto it.
It truly sent forth the sensation of a dreamlike, ethereal existence, instigating,
unbeknown to them, the fear of losing everything when the dreamer
themselves awakens into reality.
Even when immersed in happiness, there would always linger a trace of
anxiety within oneself.
So, if oneÅfs family were to consort with someone other than oneself, one
would learn that they belonged to an unfamiliar world. The feeling of oneÅfs
heart being tightened would undoubtedly be enkindled.
After all, there was the thought that he was a human grafted into their lives;
there might be other things that those people deem more valuable.
Although it wasnÅft as excessive as MukuroÅfs instance, this sentiment also
existed within ShidouÅfs own heart.
ÅgBut, MukuroÅcÅc Don't worry about it.Åh
With blurred vision, Shidou continued to speak as he stroked MukuroÅfs head.
ÅgYou donÅft need to worry about it. Father, mother, brothers and sistersÅcÅc no
matter how far apart, youÅfll always be linked together. Because??thatÅfs
what family is.Åh
Yes, he was taught that by Kotori and his parents.
But if Shidou was given the same power as Mukuro, he wouldnÅft know what
he might have done either.
ÅgÅcÅcÅcÅc.uhÅh
As a result of what Shidou said, Mukuro exhaled a small breath.
226
ÅgButÅcÅc MukuÅc to MukuÅc hathÅcÅh
ÅgÅcÅcYouÅfll still have me!Åh
To answer MukuroÅfs faint consciousness, which seemed like it could possibly
disappear at any moment, Shidou raised his voice.
ÅgI will beÅc your family, so you donÅft have to worry anymore. No matter what,
IÅfll never forget you. No matter what you do, IÅfll never hate youÅcÅh
Despite coughing fiercely and blood spewing from his mouth, Shidou did not
care and continued to speak.
"AhÅcÅc thatÅfs not all. Mukuro, you tooÅc Promise meÅc ThereÅfs no point in
one-way love. ??Because weÅfreÅc a family."
ÅgÅcÅc! Nushi-sama, Muku??Åh
Muku responded with her lips slightly trembling.
Then, at that moment the tears, which were murky like sludge, returned to its
original transparency.
However, it wasnÅft over yet. The spirit power surrounding them was
increasing in momentum.
It was now the critical juncture to determine whether Mukuro could entirely
return to their side.
ÅgMukuro??Åh
He didnÅft know if Mukuro had accepted his words. However, there was no
time left to waste. Shidou used the final shred of his energy to lift his face??
ÅgWhaÅcÅcÅh
Åg????Åh
His lips touched MukuroÅfs for an ephemeral moment.
This was a blood-soaked kiss with an odor like metallic iron.
After giving a small prayer, Shidou closed his eyes tightly.
227
It was a sensation that he had experienced many times before. By
establishing the seal, spirit power flowed from MukuroÅfs body and into
Shidou.
Simultaneously, the Astral Dress that Mukuro was wearing and the keyshaped
Demon King lost its radiance, melting away and fading into the air.
ÅgÅcÅcMukuro!Åh
"AhÅcÅc umÅcÅcÅh
Having become stark naked, Mukuro abruptly leant over.
However, to Shidou, who had well exceeded his limit, being leant against by
Mukuro broke his posture as he collapsed backwards.
ÅgGua-yahÅcÅc!?Åh
He stroked the back of his head strongly, shouting a miserable scream.
But if one were to ask for the root of the shriek, it would mainly be due to the
shock from his previous wounds.
Despite using a combination of abilities from <Gabriel>, <Haniel>, as well as
<Camael>, for the emergency treatment, under normal circumstances, this
would have unquestionably been a fatal injury??Even death would not
prove to be unlikely from such affliction. Rather, it should be said that his
reaction towards being collapsed upon was commendable, given his
condition.
ÅgÅcÅc.Åh
Perhaps tired from the crying or having exhausted all of her stamina, Mukuro
sent a yawn yearning for sleep, while her chest was still soaked with ShidouÅfs
blood.
Shidou heaved a deep sigh of relief.
ÅgMukuroÅc thank you for believing in meÅcÅcÅh
Shidou loosened his neck as he caressed MukuroÅfs head while looking up
towards the heavens.
......But how was he to describe it. Shidou then discerned a kind of
unspeakably bad feeling.
228
Obviously, he had just completed a super difficult task, but it was the type of
sensation of forgetting something very important.
At that time, as if to verify what Shidou was thinking, something from the sky
approached his view at a tremendous speed.
ÅgWhatÅcÅc!?Åh
Shidou opened his eyes wide in astonishment.
As the flying object approached them, it quickly decelerated to land beside
ShidouÅfs head quietly.
A dark skirt fluttered in the wind and embraced ShidouÅfs sight.
That's right. It appeared there.
Åg??Pfft. I thought there was something to see, but in the end, this is the
result, woman.Åh
The voice came from the Inverse Spirit Tohka, who should have been in the
middle of an aerial battle against Origami.
ÅgToÅc hkaÅc.!Åh
Shidou held his breath, as he moved to protect Mukuro, who was sleeping on
his chest.
ÅgÅcÅcThank you. BecauseÅc of youÅc I couldÅc stopÅc MukuroÅcÅcÅh
ÅgHmm, I donÅft care about that. Anyhow, I can now kill two birds with one
stone.Åh
Shidou found himself unable to look back as Tohka stared at them with
murderous eyes.
MukuroÅfs spirit power was sealed and she had already lost consciousness.
Likewise, it would be a mistake to assume that Shidou was in any reasonable
condition to fight. Both were powerless against Tohka.
ÅgUck??Are you alright!?Åh
Falling a few seconds behind Tohka, Origami arrived at a position slightly
away.
229
However, both her limited Astral Dress and CR-Unit displayed signs of
damage. It seemed to be a struggle for even Origami to fight against the
inverted Tohka.
ÅgÅcÅcÅcÅh
Tohka glanced at Origami for a second before returning her attention to
Shidou and Mukuro.
Shidou could detect himself exuding cold sweat.
ThatÅfs right; the supposed assistance earlier was merely one of TohkaÅfs
fleeting whims. Only another could save them now. If she felt like it, Shidou
and even Mukuro, as well as Origami, would all be killed.
ÅgKuhÅcÅcÅh
Shidou placed MukuroÅfs body on the ground as gently as possible, before
fighting against the nauseating pain to stand up.
The state of his body was beyond being considered as just bad. If one had to
choose between a human and a zombie, he more resembled the latter right
now.
However, in order to return Tohka to normal, Shidou summoned his strength
and slowly raised his body, with one knee still on the ground.
ÅgGuhÅcÅc ah, ughÅcÅcÅh
Åg??Hmph.Åh
Tohka lowered her eyes condescendingly towards Shidou as she looked on
with a cold stare. Then, she forcibly grabbed him by the collar.
ÅgGuaaÅcÅc!?Åh
ÅgItsuka-kun!Åh
Origami hollered a scream as she prepared to attack Tohka.
However, as Tohka glowered at her, Origami stopped in place without
warning. At that distance, if Origami acted rashly before Tohka, ShidouÅfs
head would be the first to come off flying.
230
ÅgÅcÅcÅc..Åh
As Tohka looked on towards Shidou, whose countenance exhibited a grimace
of suffering, she slowly raised ShidouÅfs body upwards.
Then, she looked at Mukuro, who was sleeping on the floor, before stating
something in a cold voice.
"??YouÅfve turned such a competent warrior into a child.Åh
ÅgGuhÅcÅcÅh
Shidou saw that there was a glint of ire in her eyes that was staring daggers
at him.
However, the next moment, Tohka merely gave a heavy glance and uttered
something with an air of loneliness.
ÅgÅcÅcMy interest is gone.Åh
ÅgHuh??Åh
After hearing the tone of inverse TohkaÅfs voice, Shidou could not refrain from
being flabbergasted in response.
However, that surprise was then surpassed by an even greater bafflement.
Tohka, while clutching ShidouÅfs collar, pressed her lips onto ShidouÅfs without
any hesitation.
ÅgUhmmmÅc!?Åh
ÅgKya??!?Åh
Shidou and OrigamiÅfs voices overlapped as they both issued exclamations of
surprise at the same time.
Yet, Tohka did not show any sign of embarrassment as she let go of the hand
gripping ShidouÅfs collar.
ÅgÅc.ÅcOw!Åh
As Shidou once again fell to the ground on his backside, the subsequent
vibrations spread the pain all throughout his body.
231
Despite his face twisting in pain, Shidou did not take his eyes away from
Tohka.
??TohkaÅfs jet-black Astral Dress disintegrated into light particles that were
swept with the wind.
Tohka, who looked as cold as ever, had a mysterious look in her eyes as she
looked towards Shidou before muttering something.
ÅgDonÅft let me??Åh
ÅgHuhÅcÅc?Åh
ÅgDonÅft let Tohka feel sad.Åh
She suddenly lost consciousness and fell down onto the ground.
ÅgT-Tohka!?Åh
Shidou panicked as he saw TohkaÅfs face as she collapsed.
ÅgMuuÅcÅcÅcÅh
It was a very steady and gentle sleeping face.
Her facial features had changed back into her everyday expression. Sensing
that the tension had left the atmosphere, Shidou breathed out a sigh of relief
before falling down limp on his heads and knees.
ÅgItsuka-kun, are you okay!?Åh
Having been observing what had transpired, Origami quickly approached him.
Shidou gave a wry smile as he waved feebly.
ÅgFinallyÅcÅc ah, no, as expected, things have finally settled.Åh
"Yes, thatÅfs, ah! Such heavy injuriesÅcÅc We have to get you treated in the
medical Realizer as soon as possible!"
ÅgAhÅc thatÅfs true. Have Kotori and the others regained their memories? We
canÅft leave Mukuro and Tohka naked here. <Fraxinus> should come quickly
from aboveÅcÅcÅh
Then.
232
Shidou suddenly stopped speaking.
No, it was semi-mandatory to stop halfway.
??Mukuro had unexpectedly pressed her lips against his on the spot.
ÅgPffuuÅc Mu-Mukuro!?Åh
ÅgÅcÅcHehe, in ill-caution lies manÅfs greatest foe, Nushi-sama.Åh
As ShidouÅfs face was flushed red with embarrassment, Mukuro staggered as
she showed a bold smile.
ÅgWh-What are you sayingÅcÅcÅh
ÅgHad thou not plantÅfd a kiss on TohkaÅfs lips just afore?Åh
ÅgEhhÅcÅcÅh
Listening to what Mukuro had said, Shidou slightly twitched his eyebrows.
He had even thought that Mukuro would have accepted his words. Contrary
to what he expected, she had still not given up on monopolizing Shidou??
Mukuro, who had likely read his thoughts, gave out a slight giggle.
ÅgRest contented. Thou neednÅftÅcÅc worry more. Whatsoever Shidou aspires,
Muku shanÅft be at unease. All in allÅcÅc we are a family.Åh
As she said that, her face had a reddish hue to it as though she were a bit
shy.
Seeing this, Shidou gave out a short sigh as he loosened his cheeks.
ÅgMukuroÅcÅcÅh
ÅgHowever.Åh
Mukuro interrupted Shidou by placing her finger on his lips.
ÅgSuch skin ship is verily comely, aye? We are family, if aught.Åh
She replied with a mischievous smile.
ÅgÅcÅcU-UmÅcÅh
233
ÅgÅcÅcFamily isÅc that type of familyÅcÅh
Shidou started to worry over whether he could take responsibility for his
pronouncements.
234
Epilogue: Reunion Time
Although it was often said that the starry skies incorporated an unreachable
realm, Shidou had actually swam in outer space already. In other words, it felt
like the body was falling into a quasi-meteor shower. Even if it was by
mistake, he still didnÅft think to capture it in his palm.
After all, the stars were beautiful because they were so far away. While
viewing the night sky full of stars spreading in sight, Shidou breathed a light
sigh.
A few days after sealing MukuroÅfs spirit power, Shidou was on the roof of the
SpiritsÅf mansion next to the Itsuka residence, gazing at the night sky.
The reason was simple??by ShidouÅfs side laid a sleeping girl who had
hoped for this in earnest.
Åg??Mukuro.Åh
As Shidou called out her name with a soft voice, Mukuro used her fingertips
to move her long hair before he became visible in her line of sight.
ÅgUn, what be the matter, Nushi-sama?Åh
ÅgIs this really okay? If you want to see the stars, Kotori can prepare a better
viewpoint for usÅcÅcÅh
ÅgUncalled for, Muku shall henceforth bide hither, nay? Alas, hither
accommodates.Åh
ÅgI see.Åh
As Shidou answered shortly, he slowly loosened his mouth and turned to the
stellar vaults of heaven again.
Then, while catching glimpses of the twinkling stars, Shidou extended his
right hand and tried to open and close his palm several times.
This was not to poetically grasp the stars within his own hand, but merely to
confirm if the physical capacities of his right hand had returned to normal.
Even though ShidouÅfs right hand had been, in a sense, demolished on the
battlefield, it was finally at the level of its previous dexterity after complete
regeneration.
235
Well, that was to be expected. In order to promptly restore the part that had
been lost to such a dire extent, there was no choice but to borrow the power
of <Camael> and the medical Realizer apparatus.
However, the acclimation of the treatment, as well as the MukuroÅfs
concealment, were also done as fast as possible. It was thanks to the efforts
of those who had regained their memories of Shidou after having those
recollections sealed by <Michael>.
If one must say, after seeing his injuries, the Spirits thought, ÅgIf only we hadnÅft
forgotten about Shidou, then this wouldnÅft have ever happened.Åh And so, he
had a hard time appeasing the Spirits who kept blaming themselves for letting
it transpire in the first place.
In contrast, MukuroÅfs current state seemed almost deceptively cute as she
had listened to KotoriÅfs orders and undergone several medical examinations.
After his treatment and her inspection had been wrapped up today, Shidou
saw Mukuro for the first time in a while as she requested to see the stars
together.
Åg??In olden days.Åh
"Eh?"
While scanning the astronomical empyrean above, Mukuro muttered
something almost inaudible, causing Shidou to turn his attention towards her.
ÅgMuku oft espied the welkin alongside Ane-sama. MukuÅc loves such times in
sooth.Åh
"Oh... I see."
Shidou was likely thinking the same thing as he quietly replied.
That is to say, Shidou knew that using <Michael> had created a pseudo link
between the two of them, allowing their memories to mesh, which he had
seen during a dream.
In said dream, Shidou distinguished a feeling of relief coupled with happiness
from the bottom of his heart. Surely, it must have been the emotions that
Mukuro had memorized at the time.
ÅgWhereforeÅcÅc did Muku not perceive it then. Ane-sama, Father, and Mother
had all loved Muku.Åh
236
Åg......Mukuro.Åh
Shidou swayed his neck back and forth before continuing.
"You couldnÅft do anything about it. No one wants to be alone. ItÅfs natural that
we try to preserve our own place somehowÅcÅc I know you just made a little
mistake.Åh
ÅgNushi-samaÅcÅcÅh
Mukuro looked towards Shidou before slowly lowering her eyes.
"AyeÅcÅc I faith Nushi-sama bears semblance to Muku. Mayhap thus
expounds whyÅcÅc Muku perceives relief when beside Nushi-sama.Åh
MukuroÅfs expression eased down after finishing that sentence.
Having said that, similar to how he had seen MukuroÅfs past by sharing the
same dream, it naturally meant that she had also viewed his memories as
well. It was then that Shidou felt somewhat bashful, his cheeks turning beet
red.
ÅgHm, say, amongst those visions finds Muku an unfathomable one.Åh
ÅgEh, what is it?Åh
ÅgWherefore didst thou, whenas singly in thy abode, prop thine arms against
thy waist and verbalize, ÅeOugi Roaring Flash Blast WaveÅf??Åh
ÅgAhh, thatÅfs totally unrelated to me. I bet you just dreamt that on your own."
Shidou gave a nonchalant reply as if to shield himself from MukuroÅfs words.
Mukuro, feeling strange, moved her neck in thought.
ÅgHmmÅc is that so? Åc...Well.Åh
While seeming as though she was not fully convinced, Mukuro turned once
again to face the sky.
After a passing period of time, the two of them silently returned to their
stargazing.
Unaware of how long it had already been, Mukuro uttered below a whisper.
237
ÅgNe, Nushi-sama.Åh
ÅgUn, whatÅfs wrong?Åh
ÅgMukuÅfs hairÅcÅc Wilt thou aid in trimming it?Åh
ÅgHuh?Åh
In response to MukuroÅfs words, Shidou widened his eyes.
When Shidou had offered before to cut itÅcÅc Mukuro had showcased a
strong feeling of refusal. Additionally, the fight against Inverse Tohka had
occurred precisely since she had accidently cut a few strands of her hair.
ÅgIs it really fine, Mukuro?Åh
ÅgUmÅcÅc Muku rather wishes for a novel guise.Åh
Mukuro seemed to reveal a sad smile while having her fingers rolling her long
hair forward.
ÅgNeedless to vociferate, Nushi-sama shall trim it for Muku, ay? Barring family,
none may lay a finger on this hair.Åh
Then she said that in a joking tone.
Shidou was momentarily stunned but then responded.
Åg??Ah, leave it to me!"
After nodding, Shidou gently touched MukuroÅfs head.

239
??????
The clang of the bell to which everyone was accustomed to started ringing
throughout the school premises. In the corridors of Raizen High School,
students that had been talking with friends began to prepare for class and
head towards their respective classes.
ÅgOh, itÅfs already time for homeroom. If we donÅft hurry up, weÅfre not going to
make it.Åh
Nearly late, Shidou charged into the classroom while panting. He took off his
scarf and using it to fan himself. The usual route to school was frigid as
always, though on account of having broken into a run midway, Shidou was
sweating a bit.
"Umu, it was dangerous because Origami wanted to get inside ShidouÅfs
jacket in the middle of the road!Åh
"I am sorry about that matter. I am embarrassed and have no words. I would
like to enter a hole if possible.Åh
After arriving at school, Tohka retorted with her arms crossed. Origami, in a
rare display of remorse, decided to bow her head down. However, at the next
moment, she drilled her head into the hem of ShidouÅfs jacket.
"Uwah!?"
"H-Hey! You donÅft regret anything, do you!?"
"I just tried to enter because there was a hole. There is nothing wrong."
ÅgA lot of things are wrong!"
Once again, Tohka and Origami began to bicker and quarrel. Shidou slightly
sighed and attempted to persuade them to stop.
One month had elapsed since the end of that event. The wreckage of the
previous battle had been completely repaired, and Tenguu City also returned
to the days as before.
Both TohkaÅfs and OrigamiÅfs mental states have stabilized again.
Of course, <Ratatoskr>, which had lost their base, was looking to rebuild its
headquarters. Likewise, DEMÅfs goal of targeting the Spirits had not changed
at all.
240
But in this way, the city was restored to a tranquil state to the extent that he
could enjoy his daily life once more.
There were concerns regarding whether everyone could get along with
Mukuro and if she still had some unease. However, Mukuro soon received an
ÅgAhhh! So cute, so cute, so cute ahh! Small and soft, a type that hasnÅft
appeared up until now. Ahhhh!Åh from Miku. Her habits of familiarizing with the
other Spirits occurred faster than expected. Rather, it would be better to say
that it was subjected to a sympathetic responseÅc that probably came from
being the same victims of the same treatment. Well, it seemed she now kept
a vigilant stance against Miku.
ÅgOkay, okay, calm down. ItÅfs about time to go to homeroom. Even though we
rushed here, weÅfre still going to be late.Åh
ÅgMuuÅcÅc Fine. DonÅft give any more trouble to Shidou.Åh
ÅgUnderstood.Åh
Shidou got between the two of them and tried to appease the conflict.
Listening to his words, Origami and Tohka obediently agreed to a ceasefire.
Rather, Shidou believed from the bottom of his heart that they became like
this due to being on opposite sides.
At that time??TohkaÅfs arrival had been accompanied by spacequakes and
Origami had struggled to repel her along with the AST. If one were to view
from that perspective, then things havenÅft really changed.
Mukuro as well??no, every Spirit should be able to understand each other.
However, looking at Tohka and Origami, it seemed like some moral Shidou
took out from a dream rather than being a real idea.
ÅgMu? What's wrong, Shidou?Åh
"ArenÅft you going to enter the classroom?"
"Eh? Ah, nothingÅfs wrong. We should hurry."
After hearing both of their words, Shidou made a wry smile as he mumbled.
Shidou rolled up his scarf and entered past the door into Classroom 2-4. He
then sat down in his usual seat.
??But then.
241
"ÅcÅcEh?"
Shidou unconsciously stopped his pace.
It seemed to be shrouded in an atmosphere that was far above the usual
norm.
How was he to describe it? It gave off an obtrusive and uneasy impression
from not paying attention to something. As for why, the immediate cause
soon became prevalent.
There was a girl sitting right in front of Shidou.
"WhaÅcÅcÅh
As he momentarily stopped breathing, the girl appeared to notice that Shidou
had discovered her presence. Her eyes and lips were pleasantly raised to a
slight degree.
Dark lacquered black hair and perfect ceramic skin. This was not a figure of
speech, that is, in these words described a bewitchingly beautiful girl.
"YouÅfre??"
As Shidou emitted flustered voice, the girl's cherry lips turned into a grin and
moved.
Åg??Fufufu. Good day, Shidou-san. IÅfve been waiting for a long time.Åh
ÅgWhatÅcÅcÅh
ÅgShidou.Åh
Tohka and Origami immediately responded as if to keep Shidou from moving
forward.
However, instead of being cautious of Tohka and Origami, the girl simply
laughed merrily.
"My, my, what seems to be the problem? Homeroom is just about to start."
"Don't mess with us! What are you planning?"
"Why are you here?"
242
Tohka and Origami glared at the girl without letting their guards down. The
girl then glanced at Shidou while making strange hand motions as though she
was beckoning to him.
"Ufufu. I've decided to come back to school starting today. Please take care
of me again, Tohka-san, Origami-san, and??Shidou-san."
The worst Spirit, Tokisaki Kurumi, said so with a smile so gentle yet oozing
with insanity.
243
Afterword
ItÅfs been a pleasure to be back after a long time. I am Tachibana Koushi. This
time, I presented Date A Live - Volume 15 Mukuro Family; How is it? IÅfd be
delighted if itÅfs to your liking.
With this, MukuroÅfs latter arc has concluded. Not only that, but a lot of things I
always wanted to do have been accomplished and compiled. To be specific,
OrigamiÅfs Combat Realizer Unit + Limited Astral Dress, as well as MukuroÅfs
inversion. IÅfm extremely content having written out these two aspects of the
story. Other than those would comprise a few extra lines such as MukuroÅfs
chest pain.
Then why is the cover of this volume Inverse Tohka?
Originally, I had planned for MukuroÅfs inverted appearance to be on the
cover, but for the purpose of added shock effect, the current cover was
adopted instead. And, somehow, it gives off an inexplicable moe sense??
ÅeThanks for meeting youÅf??such a pose. Really cute.
I would also like to point out that the billboard of the maid cafe in the
background, though out of view on the cover, said, Åethe recently popular
soybean desserts made by maids are unlimited edition this week only?Åf......
Perhaps Shingen mochi? It seems the soybean pastry culture in Tenguu City
has touched the hearts of its people.
The publishing of this book has been a great success in every way owing to
the combined efforts of many parties.
IÅfm very much grateful to Illustrator Tsunako-sensei for drawing such lovable
illustrations in each publication. Inverse TohkaÅfs casual clothes are so
adorable. Editor-sama too, thank you for your hard work. To Designer
Kusano-san, everyone in the editorial and the business department, logistic
division and the retail sector, along with you holding this book right now,
everybody who has contributed to this title, IÅfd like to extend my sincerest
gratitude.
The next release will be in December??Date A Live - Encore 6.
Since the one who intrigues all has made an appearance in the epilogue, I
hope the sixteenth volume may also be published soon. Hihihihihi.
With regard to her arrival, what path will Shidou take? Please wait and see.
244
Well then, I look forward to our next meeting.
August 2016, Tachibana Koushi.
Credits:
Translator: ÅsZaÅíkielÅt
Editor: Vizard6991
// ANY REDISTRIBUTION OF THIS WORK IS STRICTLY
// PROHIBITED AND RISKS PERMANENT TERMINATION
// OF TRANSLATION.