







Prologue: The Beast of Demise
---A roar echoed in the black sky.
Yes, even though it had the shape of a human, the beast was unmistakably a monster.
There is no will, no ego, just a clump of tyranny set on destruction. An avatar of overwhelming destruction. Its glowing appearance gave off the impression of a mythical creature and anyone that sees it will suffer the purest and most fundamental form of fear.
Reiryoku was swirling around it as the core, and was mowing down the trees in its blast radius. In this moonless night, the light emitted from it was so dazzling.
gYouc.have to be kidding meccc.h
While hearing the roar that shook the air, sky and earth, Kotori clenched her fist as if to stop her trembling fingers.
That trembling was probably caused by her restrained fear. But, it was not caused by the roaring monster she was seeing right now---------rather, itfs probably caused by the emotions due to what she was going to do now.
Yes. Kotori had secretly made up her mind in her heart many years ago. She was burdened with this mission.
If this monster was to appear.
She would use her very hands to----kill it.
But, the first thing that came back when she saw it was not her sense of duty or killing intent; it was just pure sadness and regret.
Why have things come to this? There might have been many ways to prevent this? Those thoughts swirled inside her mind and it was making her have issues with breathing.
But, it was too late.
Everything was settled.
Everything-----has ended.
Whatfs left is for Kotori to close the curtains.
Kotori called the name of the [Monster] with a painful voice.
gWhycccc.just why, Shidouccc!h
Chapter 1: An Invading Unordinary
Part 1
People ask gIf winter comes will spring be far behind?h but, judging by today's date- 1st of December, this is still the beginning of winter and spring still looks far away.
As if to show that, maybe itfs due to the cloudy sky in the morning; it looks like itfs the coldest day of the season. Each time the branches of bared trees shake, Itsuka Shidou was forced to cover the gap of his coat collar.
The sky was white because it was covered with clouds, and the breath he gives out was also white. When the temperature is low, the reason why he feels the atmosphere is so clear might be because of the water frozen by the cold-------or maybe, it might be because germs and harmful substances were weakened by the cold. Well of course, itfs plausible enough to think that itfs because his senses were dulled.
In order to warm up his numbing hands, Shidou *Haaa* heated them up with his breath. His cold finger tips felt warm for an instant but------the water particles in his breath froze up and made it colder than just now.
gHaaacccc.it suddenly feels like it got cold all of a sudden. I should have brought a muffler or glovesh
While rubbing his hands together, Shidou exhaled one more time. When he found out it was useless to exhale at his hands, the exhale this time was just a sigh.
Right now, Shidou was wearing his usual uniform covered with only one thick coat. He underestimated the cold thinking that itfs still okay even if it entered December but, apparently his thoughts were naive.
Whatfs more, maybe he is suffering from the temperature change from night to morning; it seems that his morning body condition was poor. Maybe itfs a good idea to head back and take my winter clothing?
gHnnccccc.h
But, Shidou was currently mid-way in his path to school from his house. He would probably be late if he head back home now. Although, therefs still quite some distance left to school. What a half-assed position it was.
gMu, are you cold, Shidouh
Shidou turned to Yatogami Tohka who said that while walking beside him. While the winter wind was blowing her night colored hair, her magical crystal eyes were looking up at Shidou.
She was currently wearing a duffle coat over her uniform, and was wrapped around with a plaid muffler. Incidentally, she was wearing mitten type gloves, and I think the shoe she was wearing was somewhat thick. Her outfit definitely works in the winter.
Now that he think about it, Tohka went out with the other spirits and Reine to buy winter clothing. She probably chose them during that time. The black coat and red muffler suits Tohka a lot.
gYeahcccccI looked down on December too much I guess. Ifll commute to school with warmer clothes tomorrowh
After Shidou said that, Tohka stared at Shidoufs face while [Fumuccc] placing her hands on her chin. She then pointed at the muffler wrapped around her neck.
gOh yeah Shidou, you can use this! Itfs so fluffy and warm!h
gEh? Nonono, then youfll end up cold insteadh
gMucccccI donft really feel anything you know? I have these gloves after all!h
After saying that, she moved her cute mittens around to show him. Shidou made a wry smile.
gNo, I think gloves wonft keep your neck warmh
gMuucccc..h
After hearing Shidoufs words, Tohka was in thought for a while before, *Pon* she hit her hands together as if she thought of something.
gOh yeah! I thought of something good!h
Tohka said cheerfully while unraveling one round of her muffler before handing over the hem of the muffler to Shidou while the other half was still wrapped around her neck.
gHere you go, wrap it around you. Both of us will be warm like thish
After saying that, Tohka made a satisfied smile.
gN-no, itfs okaycccc.h
However, Shidou refused with a wry smile.
Thatfs only normal. Itfs true that Tohkafs method might warm both people up but, just what kind of sights will their classmates give them, on the day
they come to school with one muffler wrapping around them, acting like couples seen in mangasccccc..nope, he has an idea of what it will be like. He will probably be swarmed with envy, jealousy and killing intent.
But, Tohka did not back down. With the muffler still inside Shidoufs hands, she pushed him to wrap it around his neck.
gWhat are you saying. Youfll catch a cold you know?h
gNo, well that might true but thatfs not what I meantcccc.h
And, when Shidou was making a troubled look, *Dadadada* violent footsteps echoed from behind.
gKaka! How foolish! Both of you are still here huh!h
gPassing through. You will not stop Yuzuru and Kaguyah
And while raising their voices, both shadows passed by Shidou and Tohka.
Yamai Kaguya and Yamai Yuzuru. Just like Tohka, they live in the Spirit mansion and are the twin spirits with identical faces. Both of them were wearing camel duffle coats above their uniform and fluffy earmuffs. Looks like, they are well equipped to protect themselves against the cold. Incidentally, Yuzuru was wearing normal gloves but Kaguya was wearing leather gloves with her fingers poking out.
gKaguya! Yuzuru!h
gFuu, time is precious. Sorry but we will be going aheadccc.wait, what are you two doing?h
gDoubt. Playing a scene of walking a dog? Or is it that type of play even though itfs so early in the morning?h
The Yamai sisters who got in front of Shidou and Tohka but, they told them that while their eyebrows were frowned.
Shidou twitched his shoulders at that moment. Since Shidou was holding the hem of Tohkafs muffler, it looks as if Shidou was holding a leash extending out from Tohkafs collar.
gNu? What do you mean?h

gOi oi, donft say it that will cause misunderstandings. This isccc..h
Even though Shidou was trying to explain to them, Kaguya and Yuzuru turned their body around half-way through his sentence.
gI wonft say anything about someonefs taste but, I recommend you to not do such a thing in the publich
gConsent. Please think of Tohka who is made to follow your fetishh
gLike I said, itfs wro------
gOkay farewell! I can see the promised land!h
gPart. The Yamaifs are the child of the wind and the child of energyh
After leaving those words, the Yamai sisters ran on the path to school.
gAh! Oi, you guys are still misunderstandingcccc.h
Knowing those 2, they wonft spread bad rumors about Shidou butccccctherefs no saying that they might leak the information without any ill intent. Itfs probably a good idea to clear this misunderstanding as fast as possible. While following them with his eyes Shidou talked to Tohka standing beside him.
gccchey Tohka. I thought of a way to warm up without borrowing your mufflerh gNu? Is there such a way?h
gYeahcc..RUN!h
After saying that, Shidou kicked the ground and Tohka followed him after a [Ooh!] shout.
They continued running for a few minutes while keeping up with the backs of the Yamai sisters which were gradually turning smaller-------they reached the school faster than expected.
gHaaacccc..Haaaccccc.h
Shidou was panting heavily while placing his hands on his knees when he reached the entrance. Beside him, Tohka was totally fine and talked to him.
gAre you okay Shidou?h
gY-yeahccc..h
Shidou nodded while wiping the sweat off his forehead. Itfs only normal to have a stamina difference with Tohka since shefs a spirit butccccthe fatigue is worse than usual. As expected, he probably got a cold from the morning cold.
gKaka! Not bad you twoh
gCongrats. But, we are the champion when it comes to speedh
The Yamai sisters reached the school first but, they welcomed Shidou and Tohka with an unnecessarily cool pose. He thought of catching up in the first place but, itfs lucky that they waited for them at the entrance. Shidou fixed his breathing and raised his body before opening his mouth.
gYou two, Ifll tell you this since you are misunderstanding something, just now-----g
gUn? Tohka was going to lend her muffler to you right?h
gOf course. We knew just by lookingh
Both of them said it blandly. Shidou opened his eyes wide.
gWait, you noticed!h
gKaka, of course. Did you think my magic eye wonft see through it?h
gConsent. Just now, Kaguya teased Shidou because she got jealoush
gWaitcccc! Donft say random things! Itfs not like I was jealous!h
gEscape. The smartest thing to do here is to retreath
gWai-wait there Yuzuru!h
After saying that with a cool face, Yuzuru ran off. Kaguya then chased after and they went into the school.
After seeing them leave, Shidou let out a big sigh.
gSeriously, they are unnecessarily energetic as usualcccch
gShidou, letfs get inside the school too. Our finally warmed up bodies might get cold againh
gYeah, youfre righth
After Shidou agreed with Tohkafs words, he took of his shoes and opened his shoebox.
And, he frowned his eyebrows in doubt.
gHnccc.?h
gMy, whatfs wrong Shidouh
gNocccc..I donft see my indoor shoes inside the shoeboxh
Yes. Shidoufs hand grabbed nothing when he tried to take his indoor shoes out like usual.
gWhat. Did someone wear it by mistake?h
gUuunccccthat might be ith
Shidou gave a vague answer to respond to Tohka who opened her eyes wide.
Losing indoor shoes is a basic form of bullying butcccc.Tohka will feel insecure if he told her that.
Also, itfs true that Shidou does not know of anyone that would bully himccc.well, his reputation in school has been dropping recently so he canft deny that act at all and thatfs just saddening.
gNo choice. Ifll have to put up with slippers thenh
After saying that, Shidou borrowed a pair of visitor slippers from the office and headed to the 2nd year 4th class classroom with Tohka.
They then opened the class door and just when he reached to his seat------he stopped.
The reason was simple. It was already occupied.
It was a characteristic girl with shoulder-length hair, and had the arranged face that resembles a doll.
But, thatfs not the weird part. Itfs practically normal for girls to borrow other studentfs seat to talk with their friends.
Things are different if the girl was under his seat with her knees on the ground and her cheeks on his chair, waiting for Shidou. He could feel his classmates pretending not to see this.
gcccc..what are you doing, Origamih
Shidou asked with half his eyes opened.
Yes. Shefs Tobiichi Origami. Shidoufs classmate-----and a new spirit he successfully sealed last month.
Normally, the spirits will be gathered to the spirit mansion next to the Itsuka house to live but, Origami said she could not throw away the house filled with the memories of her parents so she was still living in her own house. Because of that, her commuting time is a little off from Shidoufs.
After hearing Shidoufs words, Origami crawled out from under his table.
gI warmed it uph
gMy chair!?h
gNot only thath
After saying that, Origami searched her pocket and took one indoor shoe out.
---It was Shidoufs indoor shoe, heated up by Origamifs body warmth.
gThis tooh
gccc..Youfre the culprit!h
After Shidou shouted, Tohka continued on and raised her voice too.
gOrigami! You canft take Shidoufs indoor shoes! Shidou had to use slippers because of that!h
gcccc..!h
As if she got flicked by Tohkafs words, Origami looked at Shidoufs feet before bowing down.
gI am very sorry. I didnft not think that farh
gN-no, please be careful from now oncccc.h
gThis morning, my head was filled with the thought to act as a premium temperature regulator system that can warm Shidoufs seat and indoor shoes at the same timeh
gThatfs a certain method from the Azuchi Momoyama period right!?h
After Shidou shouted for a while, he sighed tiredly and switched on his indoor shoes.
He then placed his bag on the table and was about to take out his coat.
gWaith
At that moment, Origami talked to Shidou to stop him.
gHn? Whatfs wrong?h
gShidou temperature regulator system ?Ver.0h
After Origami said it in a flat tone, she thrust her hands into Shidoufs coat which was half taken off, and hugged Shidoufs body tightly. Itfs as if, 2 people were wearing 1 coat.
gWhaccc..!?h
gH-hey Origami! What are you doing to Shidou!h
Tohka got flustered and tried pulling Origami away. But, Origami clung onto Shidou with tremendous strength and would not let go.
But, after a few seconds, Origami lifted her face after burying her face in Shidoufs chest when she noticed something.
gYour temperature is already high. Shidou, do you have a fever?h
gEh? Aahccc.no, I ran quite a bit so my body temperature probably increasedh
gI see. Thatfs goodh
After Origami said that, she let go of Shidoufs body. She then turned around and changed her direction.
gOrigami! Where are you going?h
gSomewhereh
After a short answer, Origami left the classroom.
While sending her off, Tohka *Pun* folded her arms.
gSeriously, I donft have any time to lower my guard around her!h
gHahacccchow should I say this, Origami is Origami after allccch
Shidou sat down while smiling powerlessly.
Actually, the current Origami was slightly different from the Origami that they spent time with before.
This existence is the new Origami joined by the quiet Origami after the past was changed and the old Origami.
But, judging by what he saw just now, the attributes of the old Origami were coming out stronger than the Origami after the past change.
gMu?h
However. Tohka twisted her head after hearing Shidoufs words.
gWhat are you saying? Itfs true that her actions are intolerable but, itfs completely different from before you knowh
gReally? I think it got more serious than before thoughcc..h
gBut, the old Origami will still cling onto Shidou no matter how forceful I pull her. Also, the face she showed when she was about to leaveccccch
gEh?h
Shidou opened his eyes wide in wonder.
gccccc..h
Having left the classroom, Origami briskly walked down the corridor and reached an empty area before, leaning against the wall and crouch down.
gcc.Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
She covered her face with both her hands and shook her throat.
The warmth felt by the palm of her hands. She did not look at a mirror but, she could easily imagine that her face was completely red.
gI, why did I do thath
Origami mumbled with her trembling voice and messed up her hair by scratching vigorously.
Origami definitely came to school normally. But, the moment she saw Shidoufs shoe box, the Kinoshita Tobiichirou Hideyoshi inside Origamifs heart, shouted gI have to warm my masters indoor shoesh. The moment she noticed, she was hugging Shidoufs indoor shoes, and was placing her head on Shidoufs chair as if shefs a criminal waiting for the guillotine. Now that she thinks back, what the heck just happened really?
But on the other hand, of course for the previous action too but; more importantly, was it not a mistake to fail in warming up Shidoufs gym clothes by wearing it under her uniform? I am satisfied if Shidou is warm. Itfs definitely a win win situation. As expected, she had to register for the spot before anyone else could take it. The name will be registered with Origami Po-. Itfs a witty naming formed by the Pot used to boil water and the Po that means the cheeks blushing. Those thoughts exist at the same time.
This chaos occurs because the consciousness of the Origami of the old world and the Origami after the world was reconstructed mixed together in the first place.
And, both sides are definitely Origami but, whenever Shidou is in front of her, the senses of the latter personality will take over.
This body belongs to the Origami after the world was reconstructed in the first place. Itfs because a balance was set that the old Origami does not have the dominant position after the merge.
But, the the consciousness of the new Origami is around [Feelings to Shidou 30%: standard 70%] and once it reaches [Feelings for Shidou = 120%], the balance will end up getting destroyed.
gWill he think of me as a weird girlcccc..h
Origami murmured with a sigh and *Kin kon kan kon*the class bell rang as if to respond to her.
gAhcccc.I have to go nowh
She canft stay like this. After Origami made a simple fix to her hair by combing it with her fingers, she placed her hands on her knees and stood up.
But, right when Origami turned the corridor corner *Bosuun* she bumped into someone.
gKyaah
gAh, sorrycc.wait, itfs Origami?h
The person there was Shidou who she separated with at the classroom just now.
gSo you were here. And that voice just nowccch
gNothing. More importantly, why is Shidou here?h
After Origami asked, Shidou scratched his cheeks while answering.
gNoccccccyoufre acting a little weird so, I came to see whycccch
gcccccc..!h
Origami felt her heart jumped. Shidou was concerned for Origami. Those thoughts alone made her heart warm.
But, her body moved faster than her feelings.
gI am so happy. Actually, I feel a little sick so I want you to examine me. More specifically, my breast and lower halfh
While saying that, she grabbed hold of Shidoufs hand. Shidou [Hii!] gasped.
--Eh? Ehh? What am I doing!? Even though she was confused, Origamifs body continued moving without any hesitation.
gDoctor, please. Do it gently but boldlyh
gTohkaaa! Tohkaaaaaa! I knew it, nothing changeeeddd!h
Shidoufs shout echoed throughout the school before class started.
Part 2
gcccccccch
In a corner of the underground facility owned by <Ratatoskr> and located inside Tenguu city; the Commander- Itsuka Kotori was sitting alone.
Shefs a characteristic girl with her hair tied with 2 black ribbons, a crimson red jacket placed on top of her shoulders and a chupa chups inside her mouth. Her cute face fits her age range but, her expression right now, looked troubled like a war veteran.
Nonetheless, it canft be helped. Thatfs because, documents of the Spirit they successfully sealed last month- <Devil> were at Kotorifs armfs reach.
<Devil>. Thatfs the inverse Spirit they are most cautious about, and stand beside the worst Spirit- <Nightmare> Tokisaki Kurumi.
Her identity is the former AST Tobiichi Origami. Other than the detailed data of <Devil>, the documents Kotori is looking at had the results she gained after listening to Origami in an investigation.
gccc.Fumuh
While groaning a little, she dropped her sights at the data entry.
The information about the personality merge and the world reconstruction was really interesting but-------the part that attracted Kotori the most, was about the information on Origami traveled back to the Tenguu city of 5 years ago by Kurumifs angel <Zafkiel>.
Yes. Origami traveled back 5 years to save her parents by confronting a certain existence.
---<Phantom>. The mysterious existence that gave Spirit powers to Kotori, Miku and Origami.
gWe got a leadcccccwe still canft call it that thoughh
Kotori murmured to herself.
Kotori has experience of coming in contact with <Phantom> before. However at that time, <Phantom>fs body was covered with noise and since the voice sounded like it was being filtered with a sound changer; its true form could not be grasped at all. And thatfs the same as what she heard from Miku.
However, Origami fought this <Phantom> and peeled off the noise barrier with her Angelfs power, and managed to the voice even though it was only for an instant and was able to see itfs appearance.
Pretext------<Phantom> is a young girl.
She then said [I have a goal].
Kotori glared at the sketch drawn by Origami based on her memories and moved her lips.
g<Phantom>cccc..who are you? What is your goalh
And, as if to match those words, the room door was knocked.
gYes, who is it?h
gccc..itfs meh
gAah, come inh
The same time Kotori answered, the door opened, and a female wearing the <Ratatoskr> uniform, entered the room. She has a simple hair style and thick eyebags.---<Ratatoskr> analyst and Kotorifs best friend, Murasame Reine.
gWhatfs wrong, Reineh
gcccchnn, I thought of contacting you thorough the terminal but, I heard you came todayh
gYeahh
Kotori made a small nod. Itfs a weekday today, originally, Kotori should be attending school like Shidou and the rest.
gI had something I wanted to investigate. Ah, of course, I took account of my attendance rate so itfs okay.----so, what do you need?h
gccc..Ahh. I am a little worried about somethingh
gWorried?h
After Kotori tilted her head, Reine showed the terminal tablet in her hands to her.
Several numbers and graphs covered with several lines were shown in the screen.
gThis isccc..h
gccc..this is the graph for everyonefs Reiha readings recently. Look at this oneh
After saying that, Reine pointed to one line. ---only one line was rising to the extreme.
gWhat is this? Everyonefs mental state has been stable these past few days right? just who-----g
Just when she was about to finish, Kotori twitched her shoulders.
gNo way, is it Origami?h
She was just recently sealed and is the existence that caused chaos as an inverse Spirit in the first place. Itfs not weird for her to be an irregular.
However, Reine slowly swung her head.
gcc.noh
gThen who? Tohka? Yoshino? Donft tell me you are going to say itfs me?h
gccc.no, youfre wrong. This is-----g
Reine silently told her the name.
Part 3
Math and modern Japanese class ended and itfs at 3rd period.
The next class for 2nd year class 4 will be a joint gym class with class 3.
gOiiii, Itsuka, letfs go alreadyh
The person approaching over while saying that was a male student with short waxed spiky hair. Shidoufs close buddy- Tonomachi Hiroto.
gAahcccits gym class next right?h
Shidou raised his face tiredly. After seeing him do that, Tonomachi made a dubious expression.
gHuh? What happened to you? You look sick? Is it a cold?h
gHnncccc..I donft know. I feel languid since morningh
gMuu, are you okay Shidou?h
gI think you should just look if you are feeling sickh
Tohka from the right while Origami from the left, both of them looked at me worriedly. Shidou *ahaha* laughed while swinging his hands.
gI am okay. Itfs not that serious.---Tonomachi, what are we doing for gym today again?h
After Shidou asked, Tonomachi [You forgot?] shrugged his shoulders.
gWe are having our physical measurements today. Whatfs more, we will be doing it side by side with the females so; itfs a free buffet for buff guys to appeal! I have been lifting my butt from the chair a little during classes for this day to come!h
gThe whole time during class!?h
gNo, itfs an average of 5 seconds per lessonh
gSo short!h
Even though Shidou retorted him, Tonomachi acted as if he didnft hear me. He then turned towards Tohka and Origami and *Bin* made a thumbs up.
gWith that said, ladies. You have until now to fall for me. Donft miss my amazing figureh
gAre you really okay Shidou. Do you need to go to the infirmary?h
gDonft force yourself Shidou. Wait in the infirmaryh
gOh I got ignored? Listening for just a little is fine you know. You are making Hiro-pon sulkh
Tonomachi *Buu*, pouted his lips and said in in dissatisfaction. Shidou made a wry smile at the conversation and slowly stood up from his chair.
gItfs Physical measurements so itfs going to be alright. Also, itfs going to be annoying if I leave it for latter so Ifll join. Ifll be there in a second so you all go firsth
gOu. Donft force yourself. You worry about others yet get careless about your own health afterallh
gHaha, I will be careful. I got told the something similar by Kotori tooh
gEh, seriously? I knew me and Kotori match, right my brother in lawh
gJust go alreadyh
After Shidou swung his hand as if to drive dogs away, Tonomachi made a light laugh before leaving the classroom.
gOkaycccphysical measurements huhh
While saying that, he moved his sights to Tohka and Origami.
gcccccIfll say this just in case, donft get too serious. Even though your powers are sealed, your physical abilities are above normal humansh
gMu, I know. I plan on holding backh
gIfll settle it in a sensible rangeh
gOuccccc.rather, I should be more worried about Kaguya and Yuzuru than you two. Warn those two not to make a big difference in record when they competeh
After Shidou said that, Tohka and Origami both nodded.
Having confirmed that, they left the classroom with their gym clothes in hand and separated halfway to go to their respective changing room.
(Origami was following Shidoufs direction for some reason but, she got pulled away by Tohka to the female changing room), and once they finished changing, they headed to the schoolyard.
The gym teacher-Suganuma in his jersey appeared immediately after the school bell rang signifying class time and made the students line up.
gcccc.ah, this is badh
At that moment, Shidou slightly frowned his eyebrows.
After reaching this point, an intense dizziness attacked with no warning.
His whole body felt hot as if he was burning and his consciousness was slowly turning blank. Teacher Suganuma was explaining about the physical measurement and how to use the hand dynamometer but, most of it wasnft entering Shidoufs ears.
gUucccch
He scratched his cloudy eyes. He would never imagined that it would get this seriouscccc..was it a good idea to quietly listen to the girls warning and head to the infirmary?
And, when Shidou was thinking that with his consciousness blocked by clouds, *Ton* his back was suddenly tapped.
gHnnccccwhatccc..?h
When he looked over, a student standing behind Shidou pointed in front.
gDonft gwhath me. Itfs your turn for the hand dynamometer Itsukah
gEh? Aahcccc..h
He noticed it when I was urged. Apparently, the students in front of them already finished measuring their grip strength when Shidou was blanked out.
Shidou wobbled forward and grabbed the analog hand dynamometer.
gItsuka is up next huh. Here you go, start with right first. Grip it as hard as possible.
After saying that, teacher Suganuma with a clipboard for recording, showed a gripping gesture.
g43 kilo is the average for male high school students. And, Yoshikawa has the highest record of 75 kilo. Can you cross it?h
After teacher Suganuma joked around, a big sized male student----the Judo club member Yoshikawa made a wry smile.
gStop it Sensei. Therefs no way Ifm losing to Itsukaccc..rather, if my gripping strength loses to the King Lear1 I am going to have an identity crisish
gYou got that righth
The male students around *Ahaha* laughed. This is a known fact so describing it is useless but, [King Lear] is one of the 4 tragedies in
1 Riajuu King- The king of living your life to the fullest and it sounds just like King Lear from Shakespeare.
Shakespeare and why that name appearing here? He canft help but to feel that itfs not being used with its original meaning.
Nonetheless, since his consciousness was clouded right now, Shidou had no leisure to respond to that.
In his situation, itfs probably going to be hard to cross the average line, forget getting the highest scoreccche had to do it. He poured strength into his right hand and gripped the hand dynamometer.
And, next.
*Pan* the moment he heard a sound, something hard scratched Shidoufs cheek.
gccccc?h
gO-oi, Itsukah
After Shidou tilted his head, the surrounding students were focusing at Shidoufs right hand.
gYescc.?h
Shidou followed everyonefs sights and looked towards the hand dynamometer in his right hand. When he did that, he found the hand dynamometer was broken. The spring was completely squished towards the crushed grip and the scale which was on top, had bounced off. Apparently, the object that scratched Shidoufs cheek was that.
Suddenly, the students started making a commotion.
gWha-what was thath
gItsuka, how many kilos is your grip strengthcccch
gSho-show meh
Teacher Suganuma took the hand dynamometer from Shidoufs hand and took a good look from various angles.
He then *Haa* sighed.
gAahccccthe metal spring part is probably fatigued. We have been using this for a long time so it probably got worn out. Are you okay Itsukah
gEh? Haacc.h
After Shidou answered, the atmosphere of the students who were gulping, relaxed.
gAaaah, what do you know, that gave me a shockh
gWell, thatfs so obvious, the scale breaking is one thing, but tearing off the spring is crazyh
The students nodded in conviction.
gccccccc.h
While hearing those voices, Shidou silently open and close his right hand alternately.
ccccI see, it can be understood if the metal spring was fatigued. Therefs no way Shidou could break the hand dynamometer since he wasnft particularly going through special muscle training, and hefs feeling sick right now too. When Shidou grabbed the hand dynamometer, he practically did not use any strength In the first place.
And, when Shidou was thinking alone, teacher Suganumafs voice could be heard again.
gHey, itfs handball throwing now. Throw the ball from here, according to order. The high school average is about 26 meter. People from the handball club and baseball club, donft break this average okay?h
After teacher Suganuma said that, a few club members in the class made a wry smile.
We then followed the teacherfs order; in random order, the students stood at the fixed spot and threw the ball.
gTah!h
gAsai, 24 meter!h
gToryaa!h
gYoshikawa, 30 meter!h
gDARASHAAAA!h
gTonomachi, you stepped on the lineh
Voices of students and measurements echoed respectively for 10 minutes. And it was Shidoufs turn.
gOkay Itsuka! The Hand ball wonft break so throw it without worriesh
gccc.Okaayh
After Shidou replied in a tired tone, he took a random ball from the cage and stood inside the chalk drawn circle.
He then confirmed the raised hand that signifies measurement is ready with his hazy view before slowly bringing his right hand to his back.
gTouu!h
Tohka shouted when she kicked the ground and landed forward at the sand box.
Then, a female student with the measuring tape- Ai approached her, and measured the distance from the stepping line to the footprint.
gTohka-chan 2.9 meters!h
gOoh! She got the first!h
gAs expectedh
As if to respond to Aifs voice, her good friend Mai clapped her hands.
Judging by everyonefs reaction, she did a good job jumping to a sensible record. Tohka nodded in satisfaction.
After finishing the grip measurements and handball throwing, the girls were now going through measurements for standing long jump. Tohka got out the sandbox and approached the Yamai Sisters who had finished their measurements.
gKaka, not bad Tohkah
gConsent. Thatfs an amazing numberh
gOoh, Kaguya, Yuzuru. How is yours?h
When Tohka asked, Kaguya and Yuzuru *fufun* puffed up their chest and folded their arms.
g2.5 meters. Kuku, if the child of the hurricanes- I get serious, it will cause a commotion. We changed the format of the competition for todayh
gAgreed. We wonft compete in getting records, and tried competing by seeing how close we can get to the first set value. It was easy for the grip measurement but, the hand ball throw and long jump was quite thrilling.
gOoh, I see!h
Tohka hit her hand while opening her eyes wide. Itfs true that, they can compete without causing any suspicion if they do that.
When Tohka and the Yamai sisters were having that conversation, the student who was next after Tohkafs, finished her long jump.
g---Tobiichi-san, 2.91 meter!h
gOooooooooooooooooooooo!?h
gTohka-chanfs dominance lasted for an unbelievable 3 minute!?h
Tohka turned around after she heard the shocking voices from Ai Mai Mii.
Origami, walked over to her with an unconcerned look. Tohka *mu* made her mouth look like the ‚Ö word.
gccc.Origami, are you doing this on purpose?h
gWhat are you talking about?h
gItfs about the record. Why is it perfectly 1 centimeter above mineh
gCoincidenceh
gcccc..really? I think you got 0.1 kilo higher than me during the grip measurement tooh
gCoincidenceh
gYou got 1 centimeter above mine for the handball throw tooh
gCoincidenceh
gMuucccch
Since she flat out replied like that, she felt that it really might be just a coincidence butccccc.things still doesnft make sense for her. Tohka then continued her words while looking straight at Origami.
gThen for the next one, Origami you start first. I will then admit itfs just a coincidenceh
gThat I canft doh
gI knew it was on purpose!
She could not hold it in and shouted. Origami no longer was looking at Tohka, and directed her sights towards the school yard------towards the direction where the male students are having their measurements taken.
Judging by what she saw, the boys are now going through the handball throw. Now that she thought about it, the boys were causing a ruckus during the gripping measurements. Maybe, a trouble occurred and it caused the measurements to take more time?
gNu?h
At that moment, she noticed something. Apparently, it was Shidoufs time to throw the handball.
However, Tohka frowned her eyebrows. Shidoufs footwork when he got in place was the wobbliness of a sick person.
gMuu, is Shidou going to be okayh
gI knew he wasnft in good condition. I have to bring him to the infirmary. By giving him a princess carryh
gWait, why is there a need to give him a princess carry!?h
And, the instant Tohka grabbed Origamifs hand.
---*Hyuuuugooooo* just when they thought they heard the sound of the wind getting sliced apart; a straight line was formed from Shidoufs hand towards the sky.
gHuhccc..?h
Someonefs astonished voice could be heard regardless where it came from.
But, it was only natural. It was not a parabola; while drawing a straight line as if it was drawn with a ruler, the hand ball sliced through the clouds and disappeared into the sky. Looking at that, rather than calling it a ball, itfs more proper to call it a ballistic missile or battle machine shot by a catapult. Maybe the surface of the ball was burned in the atmosphere friction; it left a smoke line like a vapor trail and melted into the air.
gccccccch
The schoolyard was wrapped in silence.
In that silence, Mii mumbled [ccc..Bye bye *Glitter*] but, no one retorted her.
In the end, Shidoufs unordinary crazy throw was settled with gItfs because of a strong upward torrenth. Rather, itfs more appropriate to say that, everyone will not understand unless it is set as that.
Regardless, 10 minutes passed after the commotion. The physical measurement continued and itfs a 50 meter sprint time measurement.
gOkay, next, the girls Yatogami-san, Tobiichi-san, Yamabuki-san. Males- Tonomachi-kun, Asai-kun, Itsuka-kun. Please get into positionh
The student in charge gave out orders. Tohka *umu*, nodded and stood in front of the white line. Next off, Origami and Ai followed her; the male students then positioned behind them, and Shidou wobbled over there.
gMuccc..Shidou, youfre wobbling around. You donft have to force yourself if you are feeling sick right?h
gHn, aahcccitfs okayh
ccccTohka shouldnft be prying into the matter since the person of concern is saying that he is okay.
g-----Okay, we are going to start. The male average is 7.38 seconds, girls average is 9.02second. Everyone do your besth
After saying that, the student in charge signaled her hand up. They listened to her and placed their hands on the ground, taking a crouching start pose.
gNowcc..ready, *Don*!h
The student in charge swung her hand down.
Tohka poured strength into her legs and kicked the ground to pounce forward. She then leave behind the boys and ran on the ground.
But, just when she thought she was running alone, one shadow appeared beside her.-----it was Origami.
gKuhcc..!h
She looked at Origami running parallel to her. From the expression she saw, she could see leisure hidden from it. Most likely, she is probably planning to win by passing Tohka to the goal in a 0.1 second difference.
gI wonft let youcc.!h
Tohka clenched her fist and raised her speed. However, Origami adjusted her speed to match hers and would not make any distance. Their speed kept increasing as if they were competing.
But-----she noticed something.
Because of Tohkafs competitive spirit towards Origami, she was running at a speed greatly surpassing the high school girl average.
gCrapccccc.h
If she made a new record, she would gather odd attention to her. Meaning, she would be causing trouble to <Ratatoskr> who provided them a place for them to live. What should she do----
But, when Tohka was thinking about that.
*Bishuuuu* a shadow passed by Tohka with tremendous speed.
gNu-----?h
---She realized it after a moment.
It was Shidoufs shadow running at the ground like a rocket firework.
g!? I-Itsuka-kunccc.time- 4.38 secondsccc.h
gIiii!?h
gWait just a second, isnft the word record 5.56 second!?h
gWhatfs more, Itsuka-kun lagged a bit after the start right!?h
gEhh, then what is the real second!h
The students at the goal line started becoming noisy.
gHnnccc.what is with all of you, looking all surprised andccch
But, the person in cocern- Shidou did not look concernedcc..rather, he was wobbling his head around as if his consciousness was blank before, he powerlessly collapsed.
g! Shidou!h
gShidou-----g
After Tohka and Origami raised their speed even further, they passed the goal and ran to Shidou.
Part 4
cc..Something is weird. Inside his hazy consciousness, Shidou was in thought.
Shidou was right now on a bed in the infirmary. His body was sluggish so, he was brought there to rest but, forget getting better, it was one-sidedly just getting worse.
His eyes were clouded, mind was blank, body wrapped in heat and unbelievable fatigue was attacking his body. Itfs as if, he was showing symptoms of getting a nasty influenza.
But, the problem wasnft that.
gccccwhat is going on with meh
After Shidou murmured softly, he lifted his slightly trembling right hand and stared right at it.
---a few hours ago, he destroyed the hand dynamometer, and made a ball turn to a star with his right hand.
The whole class and the gym teacher were shocked but, the person that felt the most shock was Shidou. Shidou really was not seriousccrather, that result shouldnft even come out even if he uses his full strength.
Itfs as if-------
gcccSpiritcccch
With an incomplete voice, he muttered.
Yes. He thought that the power was something similar to the ones the Spirits had.
Itfs true that Shidou have the abilities of the Spirits by sealing the Reiryoku of the Spirits who has opened their heart to him.
Also, even though it was for a limited time, he had manifested the Spirits power which is the Angel and fought.
But like today, itfs not like therefs an enemy and itfs not like anyone was facing any danger; by the situation, itfs the first time he displayed the power without him noticing.
gJust what is thisccccch
And, at that moment, the curtain surrounding the bed was pulled open vigorously.
gShidou!h
He thought the school doctor who left, came back but-----he was wrong. The person there was his sister Kotori in her middle school student uniform.
gHmmcccKotori? What are you doing herecccc..h
gI got a call from the girls. They told me Shidou got a fever and collapsed-----whatfs more, he used a power that only a Spirit has. Is there a problem with your bocc.wait, I donft need to ask I guessh
Kotori looked at Shidou and made a serious face.
gPerhapsccc.you got an idea whycc..? My body has been acting weird for a few hoursccc.even I donft get whyccc..h
gccccanyway, letfs inspect you in the <Ratatoskr> facility. I prepared a car at the back of the school. Can you walk?h
gAahcccc.I can handle that muchh
After Shidou said that, he slowly raised his body and wore the indoor shoes prepared at the side of the bed.
He then exits the room while borrowing Kotorifs hand.
gUu, Kuhcc.h
While wobbling around, he walked down the corridor. Itfs turned to lunch time before he noticed. He could see students with their Bento everywhere. There were people curiously looking at Kotori in her middle-school uniform and Shidou who was being supported by her but, he did not have the leisure to respond to this.
He wanted to head back to class and retrieve his books and bag If possible but, itfs plain difficult to climb stairs now. Itfs probably a better idea to ask the girls for it.
g---Shidou! Kotori!h
When Shidou was thinking that while moving forward, Tohkafs voice could be heard from the front.
After he slowly lifted his face, he found other than Tohka, Origami and the Yamai Sisters jogging towards him.
gcccyou girls. Why are you all hereccc..h
When Shidou asked, the Yamai sisters posed.
gThatfs so obvious. Itfs lunch time so we were led towards the healing room to see your conditionh
gQuestion. I have a question for you too Shidou. Shouldnft you be resting?h
gAahccc.I think todaycccc.I am going back earlycccc.Kotori got a car ready so, I was heading outsideccch
After Shidou said that, 4 of them *I see* understood. And immediately, Origami came forward.
gThen, Ifll lend my shoulders until we reach there. I can lend my hips too if you want. Grab on, Shidouh
gMucccch
Tohka wanted to say something when she heard Origamifs sentence but, she stopped. Most likely, she felt regretful because Origami said it first but, after seeing Shidou in such pain, she probably judged that it was not the time to argue.
gHnnccccSorry. But, itfs going to be fast so itfs ok------Wahh
And, once Shidou took a step forward he staggered and dropped his hands on the window at his left side.
And at that moment. Starting with the spot Shidoufs hand touched, cracks appeared around his hand and *Pan* a glass fragment bounced out together with a dull sound.
gHehcccc?h
Shidou let out an idiotic voice, and stared at the window which has a ventilation improvement in an instant. The students around him were looking at him with opened eye. Ai Mai Mii were coincidentally there and started shouting.
gEh? That soundccc..h
gUwah, Err, the glass broke!h
gWhat? Is Itsuka-kun going around breaking the school window? Do you want to graduate or something?h
gN-no, even Iccccc.h
Shidou left the window while feeling confused. And, he ended up placing his hands on the wall this time due to the remaining momentum.
When he did that, even though there was practically no strength put into it, the thick wall dented as if it was a sponge cake. Ai Mai and Mii got shocked when they saw that.
gWah! Eh! What is that!?h
gEverything he touches gets damaged!?h
gThatfs just like Giza giza heart!?h
gShi-shidou! Whatfs happening with you from just now! Just what is----g
Tohka told him worriedly.
gEven I have no ideaccc..h
Shidou narrowed his eyes at that moment. The fine building dust that puffed out when Shidou destroyed the wall was stimulating his nose.
g----A-Achoooooo!h
He made a big sneeze.
And at that moment, a rampaging wind which was like a giant typhoon blew in the corridor. Window creaks, print outs was flying about, and the skirts of female students were greatly flipped up.
gUwah!?h
gccccc.h
gU-Ukyaaa!!h
gAgitated. What was that forh
gEve-even IccUguhccch
After Shidou wobbled his head----he then collapsed at the corridor.
Part 5
g---To think that <Devil> would fall into <Ratatoskr> handsh
In a room in the DEM industry Japan branch, the managing director-Isaac Westcott made a small sighs.
Hefs a man in his mid-thirties with characteristics blade sharp eyes and dark ash blond hair. He wore a darkness black suits that shows no gaps and was looking down at the documents scattered about on the desk.
gI apologizeh
The person who replied to him was a girl with Nordic blonde hair standing by beside him.
Ellen Mathers. The 2nd executive chief of DEMfs shadow and the Wizard who indulges in the name of being worldfs strongest.
After Westcott made a big shrug with his shoulders, he swung his head.
gYou donft have to apologize. Even I did not predict the <Devil> matterh
But, he sighed.
g-----a naturally created Inverse Spirit; Itfs a disappointment that we lost such an important sample. Other than <Princess> I have not seen such a perfect Inverse typeh
After saying that, he turned his chair and looked out the window.
Westcott and Ellen, 3 months ago, captured the Spirit <Princess> and succeeded in inversing her. During that time, they lost the Japan branch building, nearby facilities, and many of their armed Wizards but-----those were trivial matters.
Repairs for the half-destroyed building and facilities have already been done thanks to the Realizer, and he can just make the <Bandersnatch>s again. Excellent Wizards were a big loss but, judging by their dearest foundation, itfs a sacrifice that they couldnft do anything about.
gOf course, Spirits donft usually appear in their Inverse state. ---- Just what reason that <Devil> stood in the abyss of despair? The Interest in that is endless. Itfs so interesting that I want to have a lecture on it if possibleh
While saying that, Westcott stood up from his chair.
gBy the way---Ellen. I got a call from the facility in Neryl Island just nowh
Neryl Island. Ellen twitched her shoulders when she heard that name.
That name signifies, the island DEM owns on the Pacific Ocean, as well as the laboratory created underground.
It was only normal for Ellen to respond to that name. Thatfs because, DEMfs most top secret----the Special Natural Disaster life-form she once captured was locked deep inside the facility.
gIt looks like we finished processing [Material A]. <Princess>fs Inverse has given us a big progress. Estimated success rate is 75 %.----Those numbers donft look so bad right?h
gThenh
Westcott distorted his lips when he heard Ellenfs words.
gYes.----Itfs about time we try making our perfect inverse type?h
Chapter 2: King's March
Part 1
In the underground meeting room owned by <Ratatoskr>.
Kotori was facing the dolls placed on a round table.
And of course, itfs not like she was talking to the dolls. Speakers were placed under each dolls and each of them were connected to the highest leaders of <Ratatoskr> in the world.
g----Commander Itsuka. What is the meaning of thish
The speaker placed under the crying mouse, was giving a perfectly pathetic voice just like the dollfs face.
gWasnft Itsuka Shidoufs going out of control a very low possibility?h
gccccc.the data is correct. This case should not have happened. Every responsibility goes to meh
gThis isnft something we can settle with you taking responsibilityh
The drooling bulldog raised his voice angrily.
gHe has the Reiryoku of 8 spirits stored in his body right now. If control is lost thenccc..just how much damage do you think would happen!h
The ugly cat doll talked to suppress him.
gCalm down.-----we prepared the <Dainsleif> for this right?h
gccccc..uhh
Kotori frowned her eyebrows and made a hateful expression when she heard those words.
Now that she thinks about it, it was this ugly cat that placed a [Condition] when the plan to use Shidoufs ability to seal the Spirits was acknowledged.
gcc.however, the Spirits hold Itsuka Shidou as a dear existence to them. If we kill him now, the Spirits will all go berserk and might end up inversing in the worst scenario, am I right?h
gAah, that might be so in normal circumstances. But, itfs a different story now right?h
gThatfscccc.but no matter which it may be, we will be losing all the Spirit powers we gathered if that happens, am I right?h
gI know. But, itfs much better than the worst scenario right?h
The stupid dog shut up after hearing the ugly catfs words. In this situation, that definitely shows the action of agreement.
gccccc.h
Kotori gritted her teeth. -------all of them were pissing Kotori off.
Itfs doesnft sound like Kotorifs emotion was found out but, the ugly cat continued its words to Kotori.
gWith that said, Commander Itsuka. I will be counting on you for his disposal, if anything happens. That is your roleh
gcccccc.h
Kotori tried responding while suppressing the urge to barge in over at the other side of the speaker to punch the cocky person voicing the ugly cat.
But, faster than Kotorifs reply, the squirrel doll sitting at the back of the circle table------the chairman of this board meeting- Eliot Woodman voiced himself.
g------Donft misunderstand this, Commander Itsukah
gEhccc.?h
gYour most important task is not to give judgement when the time comes. It is diligently work to prevent the [When the time comes] to happenh
gcccc..!h
gI am counting on you, Commander Itsukah
gcccYes!h
Kotori fixed her posture and saluted.
Part 2
After a few hours Shidou collapsed. The girls were in a large resting room-like area while they were in their uniforms.
It was a part of the underground facility <Ratatoskr> owns. There are several vending machines, monitors, and decorative plants beside the wall, while table and chairs were placed at random spaces.
Normally, this place is where organization members have friendly conversation during breaks but------the room right now was flowing with a gloomy atmosphere as if this was the waiting room of a surgery room.
After the event, the girls carried Shidou outside and after meeting up with the person sent by <Ratatoskr>, they accompanied Shidou to this facility.
Since treatment and analysis take some time, they were told to go home first but, Tohka, Origami and the Yamai sisters did not budge. If anything happened to Shidou after they leftcccccjust the thought of it, made them reluctant to go home.
gIs Shidou going to be okayccc.h
Who knows how many times Tohka mumbled that sentence in the silent room.
However, no one was blaming her. Thatfs only normal. Everyone in here was feeling the same anxiety.
gHe willcccc..definitelyh
gYes yes, he will be up and daisy if we look after him. Ah, we might increase his fever instead?h
The one who replied to Tohka were the small girl sitting opposite Tohka and the rabbit puppet worn on the girlfs left hand.
Yoshino and her friend [Yoshinon]. Just like the girls, she is a Spirit living in the mansion beside the Itsuka House. She also heard the news of Shidou collapsing and ran over here.
gT-thatfs rightcccc..Kotori and Reine are around. It will be okayccccch
However, after Tohka made a nod, the girl with a bad expression sitting beside Yoshino, opened her mouth with a dark face.
gccc..no, I wonder about that. Therefs always that unlikely event. I think itfs better to be prepared just in caseccccc.h
Etc etc, she said it in a way that made the originally gloomy atmosphere even gloomier. Tohka looked shocked after hearing those helpless words.
gN-no wayccccch
gHey! Donft say such ominous things!h
gScold. Thatfs right Natsumi. Tohka will believe ith
The Yamai Sisters raised their voices. When they did that, Natsumi twitched her shoulders and shrunk her hunched back even more.
gccc..but based on my experience, comparing getting slammed down after clinging to hope and having some preparations for the worst case scenario before failing; the latter choice is much better rightccc..?h
gNo, like we said, can you stop talking with failing set in mind!?h
gcccSo-sorrycccc.h
After Kaguya said that with a screechy voice, Natsumi looked away apologetically.
After a while from that event, silence flowed. The sound of the analog clock placed on the room wall sound oddly loud.
g-----But even soh
Origami talked as if to break the silence.
gNo matter how sick he was, Shidoufs condition was off normality today. Itfs like-----a Spirit who is unable to control its powerh
gcccccccc.h
Hearing Origamifs words, Tohka, the Yamai sisters, everyone who actually saw Shidoufs actions, *Muu* moved their throat.
Itfs true that Shidou has fallen sick many times before. Especially, he looked quite in pain when he was bedridden after catching the mumps.
But, just like what Origami said, todayfs Shidou was clearly different from that time.
gYou meanccccShidou was also a Spirit?h
gI donft knowh
Origami swung her head without changing her expression. But after a while, she continued with a [But].
gI canft imagine Shidou being a normal human. Leaving aside the first problem, even the reason why Shidou can seal the Spirits power wasnft explained to us eitherh
gcccccc.does that mean, either Shidou or <Ratatoskr> is hiding something from us?h
The person who said it was Natsumi who was hiding under Yoshinofs shadow.
gI did not go that far. There is a possibility that <Ratatoskr> and Shidou has not fully grasped the reason why the person in question has this ability and his real identity.------but, in a another case, the organization <Ratatoskr> has too many mysteries.h
Origami continued fluently.
gI am thankful that they saved me. I am so grateful that I canft put it into words. But, why would <Ratatoskr> protect the Spirits in the first place?
Donft you think that this dangerous action without any sort of payment is just a waste of resources?h
gThatfsccc.h
Tohka pulled back her lips.
No, Tohka wasnft alone in this. Kaguya, Yuzuru, Yoshino and Natsumi were looking at Origami while keeping quiet.
It might be just as what Origami said. At first Tohka, who was clueless of this world did not questioned this before but, after living a human lifestyle, she could somehow understand how much crazy authority the organization <Ratatoskr> had.
Such an organization was doing everything they can for the girls. And naturally, they were not conscious of this since they were the ones being blessed but, without <Ratatoskr> the girls would not even be able to go to school.
Why would they go so far as to provide such hospitality to the girls-----now that they were asked that again, it was a fact that they could not immediately come up with an answer.
gMuucccch
The same time Tohka groaned painfully, the room door opened and Kotori and Reine came inside.
g----Kotori!h
gHi Tohka. Sorry that my brother caused you troubleh
After Tohka shouted, Kotori shrugged her shoulders while looking around the room.
gccc..? Whatfs wrong?h
Kotori tilted her head as if she felt the weird atmosphere filling the room. Origami then changed the topic by swinging her head.
gNothing. More importantly, how is Shidoufs condition?h
gccccccc?h
Kotori looked at everyone faces one more time in wonder but, she immediately nodded.
gThen Ifll explaincccc..Miku isnft here yet I seeh
After Kotori said that, Reine standing beside her quietly echoed her voice.
gcccc.I already called her but; apparently shefs in Kansai because of her jobh
gUuuun, then I have no choice. Well, things will work out if she gets here within today. Ifll tell everyone first-----g
Right when Kotori reached there, loud footsteps could be heard echoing over from the corridor.
g-----------daaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaarrrrrrliiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiinngggggggggggg!!h
gEh?h
After Kotori opened her eyes wide, a shadow came jumping over from the opened door and hugged Kotori who was standing there, tightly.
It was a tall girl with bluish purple hair. She was in make-up, and wearing a gorgeous outfit which seems to be her stage costume; a coat was being placed on top of her outfit.
gMi-Miku!?h
Kotori shouted but, Miku strengthened both her arms as if she did not notice and hugged Kotori tightly while rubbing her cheeks.
gAre you okay darling!? I could not stand still when I heard you collapsed, itfs your Miku who chartered a helicopter and came backkkkk!h

gHeycc..calm down-------g
gAaah, how pitiful you are darling! You turned this smallcccc! Arenft your arms, legs and other parts so squishy!? Now that I think about it, your skin is so smooth that itfs like you are Kotori-san!h
gItfs not gLikeh It is really me!h
After Kotori shouted, Miku finally opened her eyes wide.
gOh my, Kotori-san. What are you doing here? You appeared into my arms before I knew it, Kufufu, Kotori really likes getting pampered huhh
gYoufre doing this on purpose right!? Rather, will you stop squirming your hands around!?h
gAahhn, meanieh
After Kotori pushed Miku away to escape from her constraints, Miku puckered her lips in reluctance.
gSeriouslyccccccgo sit where you want. I will explain Shidoufs condition.h
gOkaaayh
Miku raised her hand obediently and sat on a nearby chair. Natsumi twitched her body and moved to a position where Miku could not see her.
Kotori let out a soft sigh after seeing that, before looking towards Reine.
gThen, Reine, I am counting on youh
gccc.Okayh
After Reine said that, she spread her terminal on the table and started operating something.
When she did that, the big monitor installed in the roomfs wall, showed the same screen as Reinefs terminal.
gThatfscccch
Tohka mumbled softly while looking up at the monitor.
There are several numbers around Shidoufs body diagram and a graph was shown on it.
gThis is a graph made after analyzing Shidoufs condition. ------things would have gone faster if it was done in the <Fraxinus> but a certain someone gave it a good breaking last timeh
gThere are some evil people out thereh
After Kotori said something ironic, Origami immediately replied back nonchalantly. Kotori made a wry smile while shrugging her shoulders.
g-----Well leaving that aside, this is Shidoufs current state. Look at the red line on the graph. That signifies Shidoufs Reiha readings. In a nutshell, those are crazy valuesccccbut well, the fact that we are able to observe Reiha in a human by itself is weird thoughh
gMuuccccI donft fully understand but, why is this happening?h
After Tohka asked, Kotori talked to [Reine]. Reine then responded and changed the graph displayed into something else.
On the screen, the Spirits were placed around Shidou who was placed in the middle. There were dim glowing lines between Shidou and each Spirits; a light was moving forth and back on each line.
gcccc.Think of this as his normal condition. Shin has the ability to seal the Spirits Reiryoku but, that itfs not like he fully taken the power or isolate it somewhere from the Spirits; an invisible pass is formed between him and the Spirits, and while he maintains most of the Reiryoku inside him, I want you all to think that the power is cycled around little by littleh
Riene pressed the key while saying that. When she did that, the light coming from Shidou was distributed towards the Spirits through a pass.
gccc..This picture shows what happen when you Spirits have an unstable mental state. The Reiryoku ratio inside you girls and Shin would change, giving you all the ability to manifest your Angel and Limit Astral dressh
gFumuccI seeh
gPointing out. Kaguya is pretending to understandh
gI-I am not pretending! I actually understand!h
Kaguya and Yuzuru started having a small quarrel. *Kohon* Reine then made a small cough.
gccccCan I continue?h
gY-yesccc..h
gApology. Please go onh
After both of them dropped their shoulders, Reine manipulated the Terminal again and returned to the previous screen.
gccc..And, this is what is happening with Shidoufs bodyh
The same time Reine said that, the pass between Shidou and the Spirits shrunk this time and the moving light turned slower.
gTh-thatfscccch
gcccc.after seeing the result of the analysis we found out the pass connected between you all and Shin suddenly shrunk and is obstructing the Reiryoku cycleh
gWhatccdoes that mean?h
While making her eyebrows look like a ”ªshape because of the anxiety, Yoshino asked her; Reine then nodded with a wobbling action.
gccccccaah, the Reiryoku which normally should be cycling around, stopped in Shin-----and caused a overheat situation. Thatfs the reason for Shinfs symptoms. Since the Reiryoku had no way to go, it appeared through Shinfs body and probably displayed itself as tremendous physical abilitiesh
After Reine pressed a key, Shidou in the screen turned red.
gOh my Godccccisnft that a disaster!?h
After Tohka stood up while slamming the table, Kotori erected the Chupa chups in her mouth while folding her arms.
gYes. This is not a jolly situation. If this condition continues, there is a possibility that the Reiryoku trapped inside Shidou would go rampant. Itfs an explosion worth 8 Spiritfs Reiryoku. Just thinking about this gives me the chillsh
gI-Is there a way to save Shidou!?h
Tohka approached Kotori as if to count on her. Kotori then, *Pon**Pon* patted Tohkafs head to calm her down.
gOf course, there is.------------thatfs the reason why I called you allh
gMucccc.?h
After Tohka opened her eyes wide, Kotori stood up from her chair and continued.
gBasically, we just have to return the pass between Shidou and us, into its normal state. Once we do that, the Reiryoku will cycle around, and Shidoufs condition will improveh
gI-I see!h
gBut, what should we do to widen the Pass?h
Miku placed her finger on her chin and tilted her head.
And for some reason, Kotori fumbled her mouth in a hesitant manner.
gErrr, well thatfscccc..h
gcccceh, donft tell me, we are going to do it without knowing the method?h
Natsumi said it with half her eyes opened.
gY-youfre wrong. We know the methodh
gccccc.errr, then is the method something really hard or something ccc..is that it?h
gNoccc..itfs not like thath
gThen tell it already. Just what should we do to save darling?h
gW-wellcccc..h
After Kotori was at lost with words while her cheeks were blushing, Reine could no longer watch her and opened her lips.
gcccc.By kissingh
gEh?h
gWhat did you saycccc?h
Reine nodded to answer everyonefs surprise.
gccccc..Shidou will kiss a Spirit to seal her Reiryoku. Which means, a pass was tied between each individual by that action. So in order to widen the contracted pass, we need all of you to kiss Shin againh
gI-I seecccc.h
Tohka nodded before touching her lips with her finger.
Now that she thinks about it, Tohka and Shidou kissed when Tohkafs power was sealed. If thatfs the reason why a pass was formed between them, it makes sense that the pass will open again if she does it again.
But. After thinking that far, Tohka [Mu?] twisted her neck.
gWait just a second Reinecccc..which means, perhaps, Shidou kissed everyone?h
gccc? Yes, thatfs correcth
Tohka opened her eyes wide when she heard Reinefs words.
gWhaccccI-is that true!?h
gEh, perhaps Tohka-san didnft know?h
gErrrrcccccc.Then how did you think he perform the sealh
gMucccc? Err likecccc.h
After Kaguya told her that, Tohka placed her hand on her chin to think and groaned. Leaving the first problem aside, Tohka could not tie sealing = Kissing inside her mind.
gI seeccc..so thatfs how it ish
Tohka told Shidou that she wanted him to save the Spirits last time. But at the same time, she told him not to kiss anyone else other than her.
gMuucccccch
She finally understands why Shidou looked so troubled at that time. Thatfs because, kissing is essential to seal the Spiritfs power. Without Tohka knowing, she apparently asked something unreasonable from Shidou.
gErr, Tohka-san?h
Miku asked her while peeking into Tohkafs face. To respond to that, Tohka suddenly raised her face.
gOkaycccI will do it! I will do it! Shidou saved me. Itfs my turn to save Shidou!h
After Tohka said that, the Spirits around her followed on with their raised voices.
gIccccwill work hardcc.!h
gFuuncccc.hefs a handful of a brother after allh
gKaka! Kissing to wake the person up, itfs like a fairytale!h
gConsent. Itfs the sleeping beauty featuring Princess Shiorih
gEh, what is that? Hey, can you give me more details on that talk?h
gcccc.So thatfs the part you got hooked onh
gI donft care what it is. I am able to save Shidou and kiss him at the same time; this is the verb gOne grain of rice with twice the deliciousnessh. I have no objectionsh
Reine slowly nodded after hearing the Spirits answers.
gccc.Thank you. Letfs begin immediately; I will lead you all to Shinfs medical room. If we let this drag on, it will probably be painful for himh
gUmu, letfs go!h
While saying that, Tohka *Bam* hit her chest while standing up. The others nodded to show their determination and followed her.
But, right when Reine was about to leave the room to lead everyone, she suddenly stopped.
gcccc..Oh, by the way. If any of you are afraid to kiss in front of everyone. Itfs okay to enter the medical room by taking turns andcc..how about it?h
After hearing Reinefs words, the Spiritfs *fuumu* groaned after imagining their kissing scene-----and immediately blushed.
gMucccc.it will be helpful if we do thath
gT-thatfs truecc..h
gFuccc.the eyes of the person who sees my kiss will receive an irreversible curseh
gTranslate. Kaguya is saying shefs embarrassedh
gI-I did not say that!h
As expected, everyone is embarrassed of letting their kiss being seen. One female [Ehhhh, I donft really mind actually. Rather, I think I prefer kissing darling who is asleep and kissing everyone else as an extra] said this but, well she was a rare case.
gcccc.Fumu. Letfs do that. Please simply pick your turnh
gYeah, letfs do thath
The Spirits agreed after Kotorifs words.
But.
gI donft mind being last. Also, I want to know if the medical room has a lock. Itfs even better if the room is sound-proofedh
The moment Origami said that, everyone twitched their eyebrows.
gcccc.as expected, I think itfs better if everyone enters the roomh
gTrue, that seems betterh
gWhy?h
Origami tilted her head but, everyone ignored her and followed Reine.
They walked down the long corridor and reached a certain door before Reine stopped.
gcccc..over here. I think he is still sleeping so enter quietlyh
gUmu, I understandh
After Tohka dropped her head forward, she slowly opened the door.
Inside the room, the interior was made exactly like a real medical room. Inside the 12 tatami sized white room, a big bed was placed there.
And on top it, Shidou who was sleeping in pain-----
Was not there.
gNucc.?h
gAh-reccc.wherefs Shidou-sancccc?h
Everyone opened their eyes wide after they entered the room.
But it was only natural. On the bed which was thought to be where Shidou slept on, had a dent signifying someone was lying on it just now, casually taken out IV drip needles and the several electrodes which was attached to him, were all scattered about.
Part 3
In the small island-Neryl Island floating on the Pacific Ocean, a rare hustle and bustle visited today.
20 years ago, ever since this inhabited island was bought by the United Kingdomfs DEM industry, a grand scale laboratory facility was constructed underground.
Nonetheless, its existence was not brought out to the public and the position of this island is not placed on the map. Basically, itfs a facility created to conduct experiments which will definitely bring unavoidable criticism from the world if this island was to go public.
Because of that, the only people normally there were researchers reaching around the number of 50, approximately 30 staff members for the daily routines and few Wizards to act as bodyguards.-----well, if the experiments inside the facility are counted as human, the numbers would increase by a hundred fold.
Regardless, the Neryl Island seen from above would get supplies frequently once every week, and since the big shots from the Main branch will not visit even if itfs by whim, the Island is unusually quiet.
---right now in that Island, around 100 Wizards were gathered there. Whatfs more, all of them were in their wiring suits and equipped with CR-units, and were prepared for battle. Adding on, there are above 300 remote controlled <Bandersnatch> deployed around the island. If this scene was seen by someone who has not seen the usual island, the person will probably think that a war is about to start.
gccccThis is quite dangeroush
While looking at the runway filled with Wizards from the transporter Cockpit, Knox *Fuu* sighed. As if to respond to him, the copilot sitting beside him- Burton nodded.
gThatfs just how important [Material A] ish
After saying that, he pointed his thumb backwards in the cockpit.
Yes, they were given the mission to transport the most important goods---Nicknamed [Material A] which was kept deep inside Neryl island.
gWell thatfs only natural. But even so, this is just a little too much. Whatfs with this number of Wizards? Are we going to attack the seventh fleet or something?h
Burton made a wry smile after hearing Knoxfs jokes.
And at that moment, Knox blinked his eyes.
Right in front the transporter------a small human figure suddenly appeared in the middle of the roadway.
gHncc..?h
The Wizards thought it was a researcher from Neryl Island but----they were mistaken. A young girl was standing over there.
She was wearing a dress that looks like itfs covered with blood and shadow, had an irregular hairstyle and different eyes. Also------her left eye looked like a watch.
gWhatccthe heck is that. Halloween ended a few months agoh
The same time Knox mumbled his suspicion, it seems the Wizards on the roadway noticed the girlfs existence a moment later. They pointed their guns at the girl and shouted.
gWho are you!? Where did you come from!?h
A Wizardfs voice could be heard over the communicator.
But in the next moment.
g----Kihihi, finally found you, miss 2nd Spirit-sanh
Just when he thought the girlfs voice echoed through the communicator, the shadow under the girl extended towards the Wizards feet. Several white hands came out from it and pulled the Wizards down.
gWhaccc.what is thiscc!?h
gThe Sha-shadowscc!?h
gYou fool! Donft get carelessly get close! Shefs----<Nightmare>!h
After 1 Wizard said that, the girl *Nii* made a smile.
Next, a group of girls that looks like <Nightmare> crawled out the shadow which resembles a carpet.
gU-uwaahhhhh!h
gCalm down! We have to protect [Material A]!h
The Wizards readied their CR-unit while the group of <Nightmares> took out olden type pistols and rifles from the shadows.
---the quiet Island completely changed and swiftly turned into severe battlefield.
The solid defense was getting taken down one after another. Thatfs because, no matter how many enemies the Wizards slaughters, inexhaustible supply of girls would gush out from the shadows. Itfs only a matter of time for those devilish hands to reach the transporter.
g----Pilot Knox! We canft keep this up any longer! Start the Transporter!h
gYoufre joking!? There are still some bodyguard Wizards not on board! Also, are you telling me to run through this runway!?h
gThere is no other way! Hurry up!h
gKuhcccc!h
After Knox frowned his face, he grabbed onto the control stick.
---the motor sound echoing from the transporter started turning louder.
Having sharp-ears, <Nightmare>-Tokisaki Kurumi heard the sound and made a smile before raising her pistol and ordered the [Group of Kurumis].
gI wonft let you run. Am I right-----all of me?h
Listening to Kurumifs voice, several of her clones flew to the transporter.
But in the next moment.
g------!h
The moment a gasp could be heard, the heads of the 5 clones heading towards the transporter, flew up in the sky at the same time. After a moment, large quantity of blood gushed out from the body below while falling towards the ground and twitched a little.
gcc..Oh my, oh my?h
While sharpening her gaze, Kurumi looked at the Wizard who appeared at the spot.
gccccccch
Shefs different from the other Wizards------it was a blonde haired girl wearing the exact same wiring suits as Ellen Mathers. Her face still has the meekness of a child but it was being decorated with a dangerous expression.
Kurumi let out a soft snort. She could see that shefs a different thing compared to the other Wizards with one glance. The high-quality of the Territory. The wiles showed when she cut of the clones head in an instant. Shefs definitely not a normal person.
gAn annoying one appeared huhccccbut, did you think I would give up because of something that trivial?h
She smiled provocatively.
But, the girl did not responded and readied the special Laser blade in her hands.
g-----<Arondight>h
Instantly, the clones deployed around Kurumi, flew towards the girl all at once.
However, once the girl manipulated her Territory, the movement of the clones dulled for a moment, the girl took this chance to rush towards Kurumi before slashing her body.
gAh----Gahcccc..h
Large amount of blood gushed out from her chest and while looking at the cloudless blue sky, Kurumi fell on her back on the roadway.
After a few seconds, she could see the loud transporter flying away at the edge of her view.
gOh my, oh mycccc..I, really gotccctaken down, huhcccc..h
Even though she was suffering from hemoptysis, Kurumifs fearless smile did not break.
gButcccccthis is notcc..the end you know? [I] will takecc.Miss 2nd Spirit-sanccch
gccccc.h
The girl swung <Arondight> up.
Kurumifs consciousness was cut off at that moment.
Part 4
Within his cloudy consciousness caused by his fever, Shidou was slowly walking in the city.
He was getting vague feelings as if his body was melting like a doll somehow managing to maintain its shape. Actually, itfs even a miracle that he can walk with his legs while maintaining his sense of balance. But even so, his walking posture was getting better than before for some reason. People at the sidelines wonft think that Shidou is suffering a serious sickness if they saw him.
gEccc.rrrr, What was I doingcc..?h
After thinking that far, Shidou stopped on the road and tilted his head. He could not remember why he is here in the first place and where he is walking towards to.
Thinking back, he woke up in an unfamiliar room with drips and electrodes connected to his body like it was natural for a patient. The instant he noticed that, Shidou felt that he should not be there and left the room to head outside.
And after a while of walking, he reached to a familiar lane of buildings. There was a wide road and several shops were lined beside it. Itfs the Tenguu main street that Shidou often comes for shopping.
He does not know the time but, he saw Students everyone in the city probably because they were heading home from school. Everyone was wearing warm looking coats and was walking while letting out white breaths.
gccccHmm?h
He noticed one more abnormality.
Shidou looked downwards to peek at his own appearance.------it was his familiar, often worn, Raizen high school uniform. Although he put on the blazer because it was hung beside the bed, he was not wearing any winter clothings like a coat.
But even so, Shidou was not feeling any sense of cold like just now. He is so okay that he first noticed this after looking at the outfits of the pedestrians.
No way, is it because he has a feverccccccno such thing. It feels as if an invisible film was surrounding him and was maintaining a suitable temperature for his body.
And.
gHmmmmm? Itsuka-kun? Didnft you head back early for today?h
gAh, itfs really him. Whatfs more, hefs acting like an energetic teenager because he does not have a coat under this freezing skyh
gSo I guess this is playing hooky. Guilty!h
After Shidou was idling, voices as such could be heard suddenly from behind.
When he looked over, Shidoufs found his classmates-the 3 friendly girls Yamabuki Ai, Hazakura Mai, and Fujibakama Mii wearing different color coats standing there.
gRather, Itsuka-kun. What was up with that during todayfs physical measurement?h
gRighttt. What kind of trick is that? Planning to be number 12?h
gYeah yeah. Well I guess we can forget that since Itsuka-kun can manifest a typhoon with a sneeze using his urges of wanting to see a girlfs pantiesh
While saying that, 3 of them walked over to Shidou. Shidou silently turned over to them.
He then looked at their faces by order and started thinking with his feverish head.
Just what do they want from Shidou. They said many things to him but, they wonft get to the main point. Rather, Shidou was feeling that he could only recognize half of their voices.
Just how should Shidou reply back? Just what action should he take? After thinking through-----
gAahcc..oh yeahh
He reached one answer.
Girls are in front of him.
If thatfs the case, there is only one thing Shidou should do.
Shidou silently talked towards the 3 of them who were still chattering.
g-----Yamabuki, Hazakura, Fujibakamacccc..you girls, now that I take a good look at you all, youfre all cuteh
He then looked at them with the eyes of a gentleman.
Yes. This is what Shidou has to do in front of females.
The action he continuously repeated to save the world. 2 Basically the no.1 choice for player negotiation in Sports Eg: Football.
Once he meets a girl, Shidou has to make her fall for him.
And at that moment, the chatting girls stopped their movements as if the stop button on a remote control was pressed.
And after a few seconds, they brought their eyebrows closer in suspicion.
gHuccchuh?h
gWhatfs with this sudden jokeccc?h
gForget losing your mind from the heat, losing your mind thanks to the cold is a rare casecccc..h
Ai Mai Mii told him that. But Shidou did not laugh even though they were fooling around and continued in a serious tone.
gI am not joking. All of you are super cute. Why didnft I notice this until now.----Yamabuki. No, Aih
gHeh!?h
After he grabbed her hands while calling her first name, Ai opened her eyes wide in surprise. And after a while, she twitched as if she recalled something and hid her own lips with her free hand.
However, Shidou did not worry about it and continued his words whole wearing a gentle smile.
gI know how a gentle person you really are. Thank you for always taking care of Tohka. But, I noticed this along the way. I noticed i would end up looking towards Ai over Tohkafs shouldersccc..h
gE-errr, Itsuka-kun, I errh
gAah, I know. Ai loves Kishiwada from next door class. It really is true that a maiden in love looks beautiful.-----I am a little jealoush
gHidebuu!h
Ai backed off with a blushed face when he told her with a serious gaze.
Shidou smiled and took Maifs hands because she was beside him.
g-----Maih
gY-Yesh!h
She probably saw what happened with Ai. Mai raised a high pitched nervous voice.
gYou usually say that youfre plain but, I donft think so. You donft have to dress up and make up your own character. Mai, youfre you. Thatfs all; after all, you are my special only oneh
gAbeshi!h
Those words most likely touched Maifs heartstrings. Just like Ai, Maifs cheeks blushed and her body curved up.
After seeing that, Shidou touched Miifs hands next.
gMiih
gWhath
Mii was making a complex expression showing a weird expectation yet shows a sense of cautiousness to Shidou.
gNow that I think about it, you have the most secrets among you 3. It was pure curiosity at first. But, after talking to Mii, I was able to peek to the other side of that mysterious mask before I knew it.------I want you to show me everythingh
gTawabah!h
To match up with his last sentence, he brought his face closer and smoke burst out from Miifs ears.
After seeing that happen, Shidou smiled and took a step back before making a snap with his fingers.
And for some reason, he understood in his head so naturally that [Something will occur] if he [Does this in this way].
When he did that, the already low temperature dropped even lower to respond to his actions and froze the water particles in the air and Shidou made glittering crystals around them.
As if a miracle was performed, Shidou then flipped his hand from bottom to up and created an ice flower. He repeated that 3 times and gave the transparent flowers to Ai Mai and Mii respectively.
gHere you go, my princessesh
gWh-what is this!?h
gAmazingccc..a magic trick?h
gCold! Itfs real!?h
Ai Mai Mii showed a shocked expression. After seeing that, Shidou smiled while continuing his words.
gThose flowers represent me. Once the season change----no, itfs a fragile flower that will melt by the temperature of a humans palm but, if that appearance is able to enter your eyes even for an instant, and remain in your mind; I have no regretsh
After Shidou made one finger stand, he *fuu* blew out. After performing that, ice flower petals fluttered about.
g-------I understand that you all feel nothing of me. I wonft tell you all to force yourself to be mine. But, will you all forgive me if I continue harboring feelings for Ai, Mai Mii in my heart?h
After Shidou said that and brought out his hands; the faces of Ai Mai Mii turned even redder and shouted in confusion.
gU-uwaaaaaaaaaaaaahnn!h
gR-remember this you damn bastard!h
gI donft get what you said but, itfs so snobby!h
They then ran off while holding onto the ice flower.
Shidou did not chase after them and gently relaxed his cheeks.
gFufuccc..your innocent faces are so cuteh
And he twitched his shoulders at that moment.
g-----Wait, what did I just sayccc.?h
Shidou pressed his forehead by reflex. The moment he saw Ai Mai Mii, he felt like he had to flirt with them for some reason.
Whatfs more, Shidou was currently the Spiritfs power very naturally. The power to control the cold with one finger. This is the <Hermit>- Yoshinofs power.
gJust what is happening here? What is going on with meccc..h
But, the moment Shidou distorted his expression.
gOh my, Itsuka-kun? What are you doing here?h
Another female different from just now called out to him from the front, and made Shidou direct his consciousness there again.
When he looked over there, he found a small girl with glasses on there. It was Shidoufs homeroom teacher Okamine Tamae AKA Tama-chan.
Whether itfs because he saw her or not; Shidou made a painful expression while kneeling in front of Tama-chan.
gSensei, please forgive me!h
gHeh!? W-what is happening hereh
Tama-chan showed her surprise at the sudden event. Shidou lifted his face without breaking his posture that looks like a knight serving the queen and started right at Tama-chanfs eyes while continuing on.
gIccc.was afraid. Even though I said I wanted to marry Sensei before, I then doubted myself if I was able to support Sensei when the time comes for ith
gI-Itsuka-kunccc..h
gBut, I finally made a firm decision. I will make Sensei wear a wedding dress within her 20fsh
gHauuwaa!h
After Shidou said that in a passionate tone, Tama-chan twisted her body while pressing her chest as if he shot through her heart.
gR-really, Itsuka-kunccccc!? Within, my 20fscccccthatf means I have only 3 months left you know!?h
gEven if family registration is not possible, I should be able to give you a wedding ceremony! Letfs hold the ceremony at the chapel now that we have the chance, once we register there, letfs perform it before the altar!h
gWhat is that, that sounds so wonderful!?h
Tama-chan pressed her cheeks while shouting. Shidou then picked up one hand sized rock from the shrubs nearby and handed it to Tama-chan.
gSensei-----no, Tamae, accept my loveh
gEh? Is this isccc..? This is just a rock right?h
Tama-chan looked doubtful and peeked at the rock in Shidoufs hand.
After Shidou raised the side of his lips, he covered it with both his hands and blew at it.
After Shidou opened his hands, the object that was just a rock from the roadside a moment ago, turned into a beautiful ring case.
gKya! This iscccc.h
Tama-chan opened her eyes wide. Shidou slowly opened the ring case and showed her the silver engagement ring inside the case.
And at the same time, he shouted loudly to call the people passing by.
gCome on everyone; give your blessings to Tamae. -----Okay, Everyone!h
ghgcccc..!hhh
After he did that, the strangers normally walking pass by until now, suddenly twitched their shoulders. They then looked towards Shidou and Tama-chan before starting to clap.
gCongratulations!h
gYou two match!h
gUuooooon! Be happyyyyyy!h
gEh? Eh?h
Tama-chan looked confused at the sudden events and looked around her in panic.
After Shidou looked at her while raising his free hand high up, he made a snap with his fingers. When he did that, a glowing mirror manifested above Shidoufs head and emitted light to his surroundings.
Next, the bags and umbrellas the pedestrians have transformed to instruments like trumpets and violin-------before starting a magnificent melody.
A song composed by Felix Mendelssohn [The Wedding March]. Itfs a piece everyone must have heard at least once; itfs the song every girl yearns for.
Even Tama-chan who was blank at first, probably understood that Shidou most likely hired a flash mob. Her expression slowly turned into entranced.
gTamae-----will you marry me?h
gcccYes!h
After Tama-chan nodded while blushing, she started searching her bag after remembering something.
gHahccccoh silly me, I forgot to bring marriage registration sheetccc! W-wai-wait for me Itsuka-k-----No, MY HUSBAND!h
After Tama-chan said that, she forgot to take the ring and ran off.
Part 5
gKuhcccc.What [Japanfs winter is not a big deal]. Itfs definitely cold enoughh
DEM industryfs 2nd Executive chief-Ellen Mathers, was walking in the Tenguu city streets while her body was slightly trembling.
Shefs a characteristic female with Nordic blonde hair and pale skin tone. Her body is now being covered with a comfy coat, and a warm looking Russian hat was worn on her head.
When she was in her motherland England, a subordinate told her [Japanfs winter is not a big deal] so she lowered her guard but, now that she take the
time to think about it, the subordinate she talked to was born from Alaska. Itfs not like she was blaming this for her subordinate but, Ellen made the decision to make a special training course for her when she head back to her motherland.
Ellen is the strongest Wizard, both recognized by her and the world. Even without her wiring suits, itfs possible for her to use the Realizer; with that, she can easily adjust the temperature by deploying the Territory around her body.
Nonetheless, itfs not a praiseful thing to use the Realizer other than missions and more importantly, Ellenfs strongest pride wonft allow her to use the Realizer for such reasons.
Yes. She especially canft do that in Tokyo. Shefs still able to make excuses if itfs in Japanfs Hokkaido or the Tohoku regions but, this city is located quite southern even in the Kanto region, and is given a warm and humid climate in the Koppen-Geiger Classification. Therefs no way Ellen M Mathers would lose to the cold in such a place.
gHaccc..Achoooo!h
Just when she thought her nose was itchy, she let out a loud sneeze.
gUkuhcccc.h
Ellen pressed her mouth and looked around to check if anyone heard her odd bodily urges.
Luckily, apparently there was no one looking at Ellenfs direction. *Houu* she sighed before walking again.
gccccI knew I should have settled things in the company cafeh
She then murmured with a soft voice.
Yes. After finishing her afternoon work early, at the same time with her rest, Ellen wanted to enjoy an afternoon tea so she went to a cafe in the city.
Itfs not like she hates the cafe for company staff members butcccc.Ellenfs favorite- Strawberry short cake is not served in DEMfs cafe.
Ellen raised her face up and looked up at the sky. The sky covered with thick clouds looks like accumulated snows floating about.
gcccccat this rate, it will really snow in the middle of the monthh
While slightly bringing her eyebrows closer, she immersed herself in thought.
If snows start to pile up, the road leading to the cafe from the branch company will probably be turn harsher. Before that happens, it might be a good idea to request to add strawberry shortcake in the company menu.
And, after Ellen was walking while thinking such thoughts, a light impact attacked her body suddenly. Apparently, she bumped into a passerby in front because she was not careful.
gSorry. I wasnft careful------g
After Ellen looked back in front, she stopped her sentence after reaching that much.
The reason was simple. The person was someone familiar.
gcccc.Itsuka Shidouh
Ellen sharped her sights after calling the boyfs name.
The person there- the high school student Itsuka Shidou is another strategical target just like the spirits.
For some reason, he looks dazed and was not wearing a single coat under this cold winter. His appearance looked so off that she felt a little colder just by looking at him.
gHnccYoufreh
Shidou moved his sights to Ellen to respond to her voice. At the same time, she noticed a slight change in Shidoufs expression. Should she describe this as gLight being illuminated in his eyes or be described as ga machine in hibernating mode activatingh, regardless which, his blank condition from just now disappeared and was staring at Ellen.
gWh-what?h
After Ellen said that cautiously, she took a step back.
However, Shidou grabbed Ellenfs hands as if he had no intentions to let her get away.
He then whispered with moisten eyes.
gEllen-----I have yearned to meet youh
gHuhccccc?h
Ellen let out a dumb voice after hearing those unexpected words.
gYou are a DEM wizard. We are incompatible existence. I know that. You even tried to kill me many times. -----But, therefs no rule saying that we canft understand each other even though we are enemiesh
gcccc.What the hell are you saying?h
Even though Ellen replied back with a dubious gaze, Shidou continued his passionate words.
gEver since the last time I met you, Ellen, you never left my mind. Please, Ellen. Come to <Ratatoskr> with meh
He then said that while looking at Ellenfs eyes.
Ellen was blank because she could not grasp the situation for a moment but, she immediately found out. Most likely, hefs putting on a bad act to pull Ellen- the strongest Wizard to <Ratatoskr> from DEM.
gThis is not a funny joke; let me goh
After Ellen spat those words out, she tried to swing Shidoufs hands off.
But, after Shidou poured more strength into it, he pulled Ellenfs hands and moved his other free hand around Ellenfs hips. The pedestrians were interestingly looking at them.
gWhacccc.h
Even she didnft think he would go this far. Her face looked shocked by reflex.
gI am not joking. I-----to youccc..h
gcccc..Donft you think this prank is going too far?h
After Ellen interrupted Shidoufs words, she lightly brought her eyebrows closer and focused her consciousness.
After Ellen did that, the Realizer hid in her pocket received her orders and activated; a small territory ranging to a radius of 2 meters with Ellen as the center.
Just like the name Territory, itfs a space that can freely change the spacefs properties by the userfs will. After Ellen *Fuun* sighed, she drew an image of Shidoufs body being suppressed in her head.
Instantly, the inside of the Territory increased its gravity and caused Shidou to sink into the ground.
But------
gWha----g
Ellen opened her eyes wide in bewilderment.
The reason is simple. Shidou who was supposed to completely be in Ellenfs range, was still hugging onto Ellen like just now, and staring at Ellen with appealing eyes.
gImpossibleh
For an instant Ellen was in doubting the Realizer for being broken. But-----she was wrong. She certainly felt the Territory being deployed and more importantly, the sleeves and hem of Shidoufs clothes were slightly trembling as if it was being pulled down by a strong force. Even small cracks and cracking sounds could be heard from the spot Shidou stepped on.
Yes. Even though Shidou received Ellenfs Territoryfs influence, he was still hugging Ellenfs body without changing his expression.
Itfs clearly a weird situation.
Of course, she went easy on it. Ellenfs Territory density is no.1 in the world. If itfs something seriously used on a normal human, the targetfs body will instantly compressed and become a blood bag.
But even so, the Territory deployed by Ellen now, is definitely not something a normal high school boy should be able to work under in. Actually, when Ellen snuck into the Itsuka family house, Shidou could no longer move from this level of restraints.
Then why in the world-----
When Ellen wondered why, Shidou took a few stomps forward while holding Ellenfs hips before *Kui* lifting Ellenfs chin to fully bring her to the corner.
gEllencc..Please understand. I love youh
gccccUh!h
After Ellen frown her face, she increase the strength of the Territory, increase her physical capabilities and fend of Shidoufs hands by spinning her body.
gWoah thereh
gFuu-----g
She then launched a palm strike to Shidoufs head with that momentum.
Itfs an attack enhanced by the Territory. Forget dodging, itfs probably hard to even see the attack with a normal personfs reflex.
But, after Shidou easily dodge that attack, he extends his hands to Ellenfs body again.
gDonft look down on mecc..!h
She hit away Shidoufs hand by the heel of her palm and launched a kick targeting his stomach. But even that ended up missing with Shidou turning his body at the very last second.
Shidou dodge, blocked and handled Ellenfs attacks; while Ellen was rejecting Shidou from getting closer. After a few seconds, lightning fast attacks were launched. The pedestrians stopped and were awestruck after seeing this one scene that would appear in an action movie.
gKuh----g
Even though Ellen was not wearing her wiring suits, she would not even imagine that a there is a human that can have an equal fist fight with Ellen with the Territory deployed. After Ellen grinded her teeth in hatred, she grabbed the Russian hat worn on her head and threw it at Shidoufs face with all her might.
g-------woahh
Of course, Shidou pulled back and easily dodged it.
But, that action was within her expectations. All she needs is something to cover Shidoufs view even for an instant.
gHa!h
Ellen launched a sharp spin kick from Shidoufs blind spot.
It was performed with perfect timing. In a moment later, she will be able to hear Shidoufs groans.
However.
gEhccc?h
Ellen opened her eyes wide unintentionally. The moment Ellen thought her kick reached Shidou, Shidoufs body disappeared like a light.
And after a moment, Shidou appeared in a close position to Ellen who lost her balance after her kick was dodged.
gWha-----g
gDonft cause trouble for me, Ellenh
After Shidou said that sweetly, he returned the Russian hat which he grabbed before she noticed, back to Ellenfs head before moving his hands
around Ellenfs legs to lift her body up. Basically, she looks like shefs being given a princess carry.
gHyaaa!?h
Ellen raised a high-pitched voice at the sudden event. Shidou gave an affectionate gentle smile even after seeing such a response.
gWhccwhat are you doingh
After Ellen sharpens her sights to regain her composure, she manipulated the Territory to push Shidou away. But just like what happened just now, only his uniform flapped and Shidoufs body did not budged.
If she worn her Wiring suits, she would be able to deploy a strong Territory incomparable than the one now but, itfs not a good idea to use the emergency equip device with many people looking. However, in order to break this situation------
When Ellen hesitated, Shidou brought out his lips.
g------A naughty child needs a punishmenth
After saying that, he slowly brought his lips to Ellenfs lips.
gHUHccc!?h
Ellen gasped after guessing Shidoufs aim.
gEh, Errr, waitcccDamn it!!h
Her eyes swam around due to the confusion and she flapped her arms and legs to try to run away from Shidou. But, Shidoufs strength was so strong making her unable to swing free. Even though she tried increasing the Territoryfs power, her mind was so much in chaos that she could not focus properly.
gSt-stop, I-----g
g----Ellenh
Ellen twitched her shoulders while shutting her eyes tightly when her name was called in a distance where his breath temperature could be felt.
Next, a soft feeling appeared on Ellenfs forehead.
gcccccc..heh?h
The same time she opened her eyes in fear, Ellen was slowly lowered down to the ground. Shidou was waving his hands to her.
gIfll leaves things here for today. I donft have any interest on forcing an unwilling girl.------Well, see you later. My cute Ellenh
After leaving that, Shidou took a nonchalant exit.
gccccch
Ellen was sitting on the ground blankly for a while but, her face immediately turned red afterwards.
She then whipped her forehead with her coatfs sleeves before clenching her fist and let out her voice in hatred.
gItsukacccccShidou, I will nevercc..forget this humiliationccc!h
After Ellen said that with teary eyes, she head back to the company building while escaping the public eye.
Part 6
gShidou! Shidou! Where are you!h
Tohka and the other Spirits were running around the city shouting.
The residents walking near them looked at them with curiosity but, they did not care about it at all and continued shouting.
Around 1 hour passed after the search started. At first everyone looked around the <Ratotoskr> underground facility but, they discovered traces of Shidou escaping outside; the girls then moved up to the land to look for him in the area.
gMuucccShidou, where did he go with such a body condition?h
gPerhapscccctherefs no way he collapsed somewhere rightccccc?h
After Tohka said that, Yoshino replied back while making an uneasy ”ª eyebrow shape. Itfs true that, they canft dismiss that because of Shidoufs current condition. Tohka looked over to Kotori with a worried face.
When she did that, Kotori gI get ith nodded.
gWith that possibility in mind just in case, we entered nearby hospitals to look for him. Reine will contact us when someone is brought in as an emergency case and it looks like itfs about Shidou.h
And, the moment Kotori said that, a call came from the Incam with good timing.
gccceveryone, can you all hear me?h
Reinefs sleepy voice shook their right ears. Everyone, placed their hands over the Incam to prevent missing any information.
gReine, whatfs wrong?h
gccc..Yeah, I found Shinh
g! Really!? Where is he? Did he collapse and was brought to a hospital as expectedccc!?h
After Kotori shouted, Reine shook her throat that sounds like a groan.
gcc..No, apparently he did not collapse. Forget that------g
gccccForget what?h
Natsumi made a doubtful face while pressing the incam after hearing Reinefs stumbling sentence.
gccc..Itfs faster if you see it yourselves. Anyway, just head over there, itfs at the main street of the 3rd districth
After leaving that, the call ended. Natsumi pouted her lips in dissatisfaction.
gWh-what was that, leaving such a worrying sentencecc..h
gBut, itfs good news that we know the place. Letfs head over there now!h
Everyone nodded at her words. Tohka kicked the ground and dashed off.
gOkay, letfs go! Letfs go to Shidou!h
But immediately, Kotori called out to her from behind.
gTohka! Wrong way! 3rd district is this way!h
gMu! Oohh, oh yeah!h
After Tohka shouted, without losing her speed, she performed a beautiful turn by turning aside adroitly as if was performing dance steps and chased after everyone.
She headed to the street with Yoshino who smiled wryly, while the others shrugged their shoulders-------soon, they came out to an open street.
gShe said the main street of 3rd district so it should be around hereccch
gI wonder where darling ish
gcc..! Ever-everyone, over therecccc!h
When everyone was looking around restlessly, Yoshino suddenly shouted and pointed at the end of the street.
The Spirits all directed their attentions there. And, they all gasped at the same time.
But that was only natural. Thatfs because, only one zone had an early snowfall and the surface was covered in white.
No, that was not all. Just when they thought sparkling drops of ice fell from the empty air together with snow, there were several beautiful ice candle stands placed at the side of the wide street.
Next off, the candle stands leading from the back of the street, *Bo**Bo* started to light up systematically and it drew a magical flower street.
gTh-this iscc.h
When Tohka was shocked at the mysterious scene, a young man leisurely walked down the middle of the street as if he owns the place.
He had a familiar Raizen high school uniform and a neuter face.
---There is no mistake. Thatfs Itsuka Shidou, the person the girls were looking for. He was not wobbling around like just now and his face doesnft look sick.
gShi-Shidoucc..?h
In a troubled manner, Tohka brought her eyebrows closer together. After she did that, as if to respond to her, the pedestrians around them started to clap their hands. Waaaa, they cheered loudly. ----itfs as if they were welcoming Shidou.
gGuh, how impudent. Whatfs with that entrance. It looks kind of coolh
gPointing out. Kaguya, that isnft the issue hereh
Yuzuru told Kaguya who was gritting her teeth in regret. But within that leisure conversation, Kotorifs hands were trembling in shock.
gThis isccno way, Yoshino and my power-----also, is the people around us obeying him due to Mikufs power?h
She does not know what is happening to Shidou right now. But, judging by Kotorifs reaction, she could imagine that this situation is not something worthy of welcome. Tohka jumped out to Shidou and shouted loudly.
gShidou!h
g-----Hn?h
Shidou then looked over there as if he finally noticed them before slowly walking to them.
gAah, itfs Tohka. Also everyone too. Whatfs wrong? You all looked like youfre rushingh
Shidou said that with his usual gentle tone. At the very least, no one would believe if they were told that this young man collapsed from a sickness during the afternoon.
But, the girls already received an explanation of Shidoufs condition from Reine and Kotori so, they already know of his weird state. But more importantly, the weird scene unfolding in front of their eyes would very well support their explanations.
Kotori followed after Tohka and let out an uneasy covered voice.
gDonft give me that gWhatfs wrongh! What were you thinking; leaving the hospital with that condition!?h
gAahcccc..sorry. I made you all worry.----but, itfs okay. My body is alright. Forget that, I feel like I am brimming with powerh
After saying that, Shidou made one finger stand, and blew at his fingertip. When he did that, fire lighted up and swirled around before disappearing.
gShidou, youccch
gHaha, itfs amazing right? I am able to do this now. With this, I will be able to finally fight with everyone. Everyone going through danger wonft-------g
gShidou!h
Kotori shouted loudly like a scream and Shidou stopped his words.
gPlease. Calm down and listen.----Right now, the pass between us is contracting, and you are in dangerous condition. So please. Listen to what I have to sayh
gDangerous situation? What method are you going to use to cure me with?h
gThatfsccc..h
gWe are going to make you give all of us a passionate and hot kissh
Miku crooked her hips and interrupted Kotorifs words. After that, Shidou opened his eyes wide for an instant before making a fearless smile.
gReally? Isnft that just a lie Kotori made to kiss me?h
While saying that, Shidou lifted Kotorifs chin with a bewitching hand movement. Kotorifs face turned red.
gWhacc..!? What kind of joke is that. That isnft the time----g
ghhhhAh~~hhhhh
Kaguya, Yuzuru, Miku, Natsumi, and Origami nodded in some kind of agreement.
gWait, whatfs with the [Ah~], you girls!?h
After Kotori shouted, Shidou made a happy face while turning his body.
gItfs a joke. Therefs no way my cute sister will make a lie for her own gain and benefith
gcccc.uh, why youccc..!h
Kotori brought her eyebrows closer while her face was red. Shidou *Fumu* placed his hands on his chin.
gBut, itfs kind of regretful to lose all the power I gained, more importantly, it feels wasteful to kiss everyone with a working kind of feel to it. Since we have a chance like this. Why donft we make some wonderful memoriesh
After saying that, Shidou winked at them. Sweat ran down Tohkafs cheeks when she saw this unfamiliar scene.
gccccc.are you feeling sick as expected, Shidou?h
gNo way, I am doing very well, my lovely Tohkah
gM-Muuccc..h
She still thinks something is a little off. Tohka made a sullen face as if shefs troubled.
However, Shidou ignored that and continued.
gWith that said, how about we do this? Everyone will try to kiss me right at 12:00 midnight todayh
g12:00 midnightcccc?h
g---Isnft magic running out at midnight a set scenario?h
gccccc..h
Kotori started sweating after she saw Shidou say those embarrassing words without any signs of pretending. However, Shidou showed no signs of caring and continued on.
gBut, with one conditionh
Shidou made his index finger stand.
And-----told them his suggestion.
gUntil now, I have been making everyone fall for me to seal their Reiryoku.-----in that case, now itfs everyonefs turn to make me fall for youh
The Spirits opened their eyes wide after hearing Shidoufs words.
gWhaccc..h
gMucc..?h
gMake you fall for uscc.is it?h
Shidou [aah] agreed at everyonefs response.
gWell, in a more accurate sense, I already love everyone so, [Make me fall for you] might not be the right term for it-----g
Shidou shrugged his shoulders while making a wry smile and continued on.
gI donft care what method you use. All you all have to do is make my heart go doki. Methods that will make me unable to resist getting kissed by everyoneh
After saying that, Shidou made his index finger and thumb stand before [Bang!] making a gesture as if he shot through the girlfs heart.
The Spirits were dumbfounded at Shidoufs suggestion but-----immediately, Kotori shouted angrily.
gDidnft you hear me!? We are running out of time!? We are not free to do that!h
gHaha, I think this much is fine you know. Life is short. So letfs have funh
gFuuccc..Donft screw with me!h
After Kotori shouted, she spread out her hands.
gKaguya! Yuzuru! Grab Shidou! Wefre going with the forceful method now that it comes to this!h
gKukuh, you got nerves to try to use me, Kotori. But, I applaud you for picking the fast Yamai for this situation!h
gCapture. Shidou, prepare yourselfh
The same time with Kotorifs order, Kaguya and Yuzuru kicked the ground and both of them restrained Shidoufs arms respectively.
gOi oi, doesnft this go against <Ratatoskr> methods?h
gShut up! Itfs because you wonft listen! Also-----g
Kotori walked heavily towards Shidou while shouting in a desperate tone.
gShidou, you love me right!? Then there is no problem!h
Shidou was shocked for a moment after hearing Kotorifs words before his cheeks relaxed.
gHahahacc..I see. Thatfs right. I love you Kotorih
gccc.uhh
Kotorifs face blushed red. Maybe because they saw that, Kaguya and Yuzuru who were restraining Shidou, made a wry smile.
gShefs getting embarrassed even though shefs the one who said itccch
gBlush. Somehow, I feel embarrassed looking at her for some reasonh
gShu-shut up! Anyway, Ifll end it first!h
Kotori said that before stopping her legs, and placed both her hands on Shidoufs cheeks. She then slowly brought her lips closer in a nervous manner.
gFuuuncccc.h
And. Just when Shidou made a prankster smile, the next moment, his body started glowing.
gWha-----h
g----Will you continue even with this?h
After the light settled down, the voice that said that does not belong to Shidou.
No, itfs a little different in a correct sense. The girls heard that voice before.
gYo-youfreccc.h
g-----Shiorih
Origami silently said the name of the girl that appeared there.
Yes. The place Shidou was at until now, had one girl existing there. Although her face does not look so different from Shidou, her hair was long and was wearing a girl uniform.
Her name is Itsuka Shiori. Itfs Shidoufs form when he cross-dressed last time.
No-----that was not all. In Tohkafs eyes, she could not see the Shiori there and the Shiori she saw last time, as a same existence.
What was the reason? The atmosphere seen from the Shiori in front was different. Her body line felt more rounded or her thighs peeping out from the hem of her skirt looks oddly soft-------
When Tohka was thinking about that, Kotorifs face was filled with surprise.
gCross-dressing in an instantccno, this power, itfs Natsumifs transformation abilityc.!?h
gCorrect. But, thatfs only 50%h
gc..! N-no way------g
Kotori twitched her shoulders before using her right hand to perform an eagle grip on Shiorifs breast.
gYaaanh
gHiiccc.!?h
After Shiori let out an oddly erotic voice, Kotori gasped and took a step back.
gThi-this feelingcc.h
gYup. Itfs mineh
gGyaaaa!?h
While her whole body was trembling, Kotori shouted loudly. Shiori made a broad smile because she thinks itfs so funny and could not handle it.
gFufu, thatfs no good Kotori. Itfs because you tried kissing forcefully that this happenedh
gBu-but even so, why youucc..!h
gSo, what are you going to do? The pass will still widen up even if you do it like this right?h
After saying that, Shiori made a fearless smile. Kotori [Uucc] hesitated her words for a moment and immediately clenched her fist before shouting.
gD-donft look down on me------g
gKyaaa!h
But. Half-way through Kotorifs words, a high-pitched flirtatious voice came from behind. ----it was Miku.
gEh, eh, perhaps this is really the girl mode!? Can this really be happening!? Yes! I am okay with this! Letfs kiss now!h
gAhahacccc.now that I think about it, Mikufs here. This might be a bad move?h
Shiori made a wry smile while she scratches her cheeks. Miku swung her head sideways.
gNoooo! Instead, this is a good job! I-Ifm digging innnnnnnn!h
Miku shouted and jumped at Shiori with a gesture as if she was jumping into a pool.
However, Shiori *fuu* distorted her face and made a snap with her fingers.
Next moment, a glowing mirror appeared in Shiorifs hand and it covered the surroundings with a blinding light.
gEh------!?h
gKuhccc!h
Tohka covered her eyes from the sudden flash.
gWh-what is this? What is happeningcccc?h
After a few seconds, Tohka blinked several times while looking around.
She then-----opened her eyes wide at the scene unfolded there.
gWha!?h
However, it was only natural for her to do so. Thatfs because------the Spirits gathered there were all turned into Shiori.
gT-there are tons of Shioris!?h
gShock. What is thish
gEh, M-me toocc!?h
Everyone probably noticed the weird situation. Each one of them showed their bewilderment. Well, only one person [Kyaaaaaaa! Paradiseeeeeee!] was shouting energetically though.
Tohka looked down at herself and gasped. She could not confirm her face but, her clothes and hair were turned exactly like Shiorifs.
Whatfs more, that wasnft all. Around them *Dododo*cccjust when she could hear some kind of earthquake, a large group of Shioris were running towards the girls.
gOuuuu!h
gEveryone!h
gLet me join in too!h
gWhaccc..!?h
Tohka twitched her shoulders when she saw the unexpected scene. Apparently, the pedestrians nearby were also turned into Shioris. Whatfs more, they were obeying Shiori thanks to her [Voice]. As if to cover the real Shiori, they gathered at one spot.
gKuhhcccc.get lost!h
Even though she was using Natsumifs power, Tohka is quite confident in finding the real one if she looks carefully. But, on top of the large numbers, there is this children game group situation so3, she was unable to do so.
3 ‚¨‚µ‚­‚ç‚Ü‚ñ‚¶‚ã‚¤-A children game which consist of 3 or more childrens standing back to back in a circle an jostle.
Within the situation where recognizing anyone is impossible, they lost sight of the real Shiori.
gE-everyone, are you all okay!?h
gY-yesc..somehowccc.h
gReply. But, where is the real one-----g
And the moment Yuzuru(The presumed Shiori) said that.
Wind swirled around, and one human figure flew up to the sky from the countless Shioris.
gThatfsccc.!h
gShidou!h
After seeing the figure, Tohka shouted.
Yes. Itfs the real Shidou who turned back to a male that flew up to the sky by riding on the [Wind].
gHaha, sorry everyone. But, I did not lie when I said I will kiss you if you make my heart go dokih
Shidou *Nii* lifted the sides of his lips.
g-----Well then, go ahead and make me fall for you all thenh
After leaving those words----Shidou disappeared into the sky.
Chapter 3: Vacation Time
Part 1
gccccccccch
Ellen was walking down the corridor of the temporary DEM industries building while perking up her shoulders in irritation.
Her mouth was twisted to a ‚Öshape, her eyebrows were brought closer to make a frown and her walking seemed somewhat violent. For the strongest- Ellen, who has dedicated to fulfill her everyday life with an elegant behavior; this was a rare occasion.
However, thatfs only normal. Thatfs because, even though she was not in her wiring suits, she was totally toyed with by Itsuka Shidou whofs supposed to be a normal human. There was no higher humiliation than this, to the prideful Ellen.
gccccckuhh
That hateful young manfs face floats up her mind each time she thinks about it. After Ellen gritted her teeth, she clenched her fist with a *Don*! before punching the corridor wall.
gAuuucccc..h
It was more painful than expected. She crouched down on the spot with teary eyes and rubbed her hand.
Nonetheless, this was not the time for her to being doing that. Yes, right after she get back to the building, Ellen was told that she was being called by Westcott. After Ellen regained her composure, she rode the elevator and headed to her goal before knocking on the door.
g----Ike. Itfs meh
gAah, enterh
gIfll be intrudingh
After a short reply, she opened the door. Just like usual, Westcott was leisurely sitting down on a chair as if he was waiting for Ellen.
gSorry, for calling you all of a suddenh
gNo-----Did something happen with [Material A]?h
If he had business with Ellen at this timing, thatfs the only thing she could think of. She said that without breaking her posture. Westcott made an exaggerated shrug.
gYeah, thatfs also one of it. Apparently, <Nightmare> attacked us when the transporter was about to take offh
gBy <Nightmare>ccc.?h
Ellen frowned her eyebrows when she heard that name. <Nightmare> Tokisaki Kurumi. Unlike the other Spirits, shefs still lurking around without receiving <Ratatoskr>fs protection; shefs a mysterious Spirit. Shefs someone who holds a deep connection to DEM; in the last battle of the DEM japan branch, shefs the spirit that caused the most damage.
gHowccc.so does this mean that <Nightmare> know about [Material A]fs identity?h
gWho knows. But, if thatfs really the case then-------she might want to know somethingh
Westcott giggled in interest.
If something happened the [Material A] then this wonft end as a joke but, his expression does not look like he is acting tough or is bluffing.
gSo, what happened to the transporterh
gThanks to the Wizard guarding it, we apparently escaped the problemh
Ellen slightly narrowed her eyes when she heard those words.
g-----Adeptus 2 huhh
gYes. She did a great job the moment she got enlisted. [Material A] should be reaching here by tonighth
gIs that so. Thatfs great newsh
Even though she said that, Ellen had question marks in her head. g[Material A] was taken by <Nightmare>, so get it backh-----she would understand if he told her that but, Ellen had no roles to play if it was getting send here safely.
But at that moment, she recalled back the words Westcott said just now.
g-----You said that this was one of it right?h
gYes. I called you over for this other caseh
Westcott agreed before continuing on.
gJust now when you were out, we detected a strange Reiha reading in the city. I thought it was a new spirit but, itfs seems weird. I heard, Itfs as if several Reiha were forcefully condensed into one frameh
gWhen I was out------Hahh
Ellen reached a certain conclusion opened her eyes widely.
Yes. Ellen met it. She met the young man that had a strange power that can only be performed by using Reiryokuccc.!
gAnd you will be----g
g-------Leave it to meh
Before Westcott could finish his sentence, Ellen said that as if she was biting on the office table.
gLooks like your quite fired up. did something happen?h
gThat is not true. I am as usual.-----I will definitely bring the targetfs head hereh
gNo, if possible, I want you to capture it as a sample for ush
In a rare occasion, Westcott said that while his eyes were wide opened in surprise.
Part 2
After Shidou got away, the girls gathered in a briefing room in a corner of the underground <Ratatoskr>. While surrounding a round table, everyone was making difficult expressions.
gMuuccc..what should we doh
Tohka said that while placing her elbow on the table, the Yamai sisters then nodded to show their agreement.
gIs that really Shidou in the first place? His words sounded a little weirdh
gConsent. He has turned into quite a gigoloh
Itfs true that Shidou was acting different from usual. He was oddly filled with confidence and if it was the usual Shidou, he would answer the girlfs demands without placing any weird conditions. And more importantly, if it was the usual Shidou, itfs unthinkable that he would use Natsumifs power to fully turn into a female.
As if to answer that question, Reine, who was sitting down, raised her voice.
gccc..Of course, thatfs Shin. But, due to the influence of his fever and Reiryoku, his self-restraints got a little off and he turned highh
gEh, perhaps darling had the urge to turn into a girl?h
Miku twisted her body around while her eyes were glittering. Reine scratched her cheeks.
gcccc.who knows. I think thatfs a method to run away from you allh
gNo matter which one it is, it doesnft change the fact that this is an annoying situation. Kuhccc.that stupid brother; getting carried away like that. Does he even know how dangerous his condition iscc!?h
Kotori crunched down her chupa chups in irritation, and took out 2 more from the candy holder around her hips before shoving it in her mouth.
gNothing will start with complainsh
Origami said that quietly. She then continued her words with a calm manner.
gShidou said he would accept our kisses if we make him fall for us before midnight. If thatfs the case, we just have to take it on. -----howfs the time?h
gcccccthatfs true. Judging by the numbers, we have plenty of time to make it if you all are able to kiss him by midnight. The problem is-------is everyone able to make him fall for you all by then thoughh
Everyone looked at the wall clock after hearing Reinefs words. The time was currently 6pm. Basically; they only had 6 more hours left of time.
The total spirits count to 8 people. In a simple calculation, one person will take 45 minute. Whatfs more, it includes the time for preparation and the time to get in contact with Shidou. Each person probably has even less time than that.
gccccuhh
Tohka made a gulp. She planned on taking light of the situation but, now that the remaining time was shown to her like that, she felt her heartbeat turning faster regardless of her own will.
gAnyway, we have no choice but to make Shidou-san fall for usccright?h
Yoshino, who was sitting beside Tohka, nodded with a slightly nervous expression. As if to respond to her, Natsumi *muu* folded her arms.
gcc..But, how are we going to do that?h
gThatfscccch
gYaaann, what are you trying to make Yoshino say? Natsumi-chan you pervert~h
gWha, i-I didnft have those intentionscccch
Natsumi made a panicked reply when [Yoshinon] said that while skillfully covering its face. Yoshino was making a wry smile while looking at that exchange.
gcccc.I have a suggestion for thath
After saying that, Reine erected her index finger and *Ton**Ton* pointed at her own right ear.-----it was to show us the incam that everyone was wearing.
Maybe they understood Reinefs intentions from looking at her actions; Kaguya and Yuzuru hit their own hands at the same time.
gI see! Itfs the plan we used in Arubi island!h
gAgree. Thatfs the best moveh
gMu, what do you mean?h
After Tohka tilted her head, Reine continued with a brief explanation.
gccccbasically, I am going to give support from this side by using the Incam. The <Fraxinus> is in repairs but the AI is safe and itfs possible to give instructions from here. Even though itfs to make him fall for you all, Shin already has high affection levels regarding you all. Basically, we just have to make Shinfs heart go doki4 once within the time limit and that should gain his qualificationsh
gFumuccc..So that means Reine and the gang are going to helph
gcccccYeah. I will monitor Shinfs heart beating values and mental state too at the same time. Letfs set the [Doki] when his excited level is over 90% as a foundation. When that happens, a clear sound will ring in the Incamh
gHeeeh, so it has such a function too huh? Thatfs encouragingh
After Mikufs voice bounced out, Reine made a small nod before saying [Also].
gcccccI have one warning I need to tell you all. Itfs regarding the Reiryoku limit releaseh
Natsumi tilted her head when she heard Reinefs words.
g..........? With the pass narrowed down, it means that Reiryoku wonft counter flow between us and Shidou right?h
gccc..thatfs normally it. But, only a little Reiryoku is left inside all your body in the first place. Most likely, if you all put your mind into it, it wonft be impossible for you all to put it into practice even though itfs for a little time thoughh
gEh? Then-----g
Right when Miku reached that far to her sentence, Reine swung her head. 4 Japanese way for Skip a beat, Love related.
gcccc.but, please donft use your Reiryoku as much as possible. If you all forcefully used your powers in a state where you canft get your Reiryoku supply, I donft know what kind of influence it will cause in all your bodiesh
gghhhhhh--------!hhhhhhhh
The spirits all looked nervous. However, Tohka swung her head sideways.
gNo, but if itfs for saving Shidouh
gccccIf by any chance any of you collapse, It will become impossible to save Shin right?h
gM-muucccc..h
After being told that, Tohka fumbled in her mouth. Itfs true that, this method wonft fix the problem.
gI understand. I will try my best not to use my Reiryokuh
gThatfs true. Well, with everyonefs adorable side, darling will still fall to his knees even if we donft use our Reiryokuh
Miku laughed thoughtlessly. It was really optimistic butc..well, being too worried about it isnft good either.
gcccc..the next problem is time. If possible I want the conquering limited to one spoth
After Reine said that, Origami looked down and placed her hand on her chin while immersing in thought-----after a few seconds, she lifted her face.
gI have an ideah
gcc..letfs hear ith
Reine quietly replied back.
Part 3
gcccHn?h
When Shidou was walking on the road, the cellphone inside his shirt pocket suddenly started ringing. ------He thought it was taken away by the precision equipmentfs when he was being examined but, apparently it was moved to his shirt.
Judging by the rhythm of the vibration and the ring tone, it was not a phone call. It was a message. When he looked at the screen, he found out it was sent from Kotorifs cell phone.
gFuunccc.?h
After seeing that, Shidou lifted the edge of his lips as if he thought this was interesting.
A map of a certain place was attached in the mail; and the address thought to lead to the place was written on the text.
It was a simple text but, it was enough for him to know what it meant.
Basically, they are done preparing to answer Shidoufs request.
gOkay then, what will all of you lay out for meccc..andh
After Shidou said that, he put back his cellphone into his pocket before *ton* he kicked the ground.
Just with that action, Shidou flew up to the sky as if he was released by the yoke of gravity. The people walking in his surroundings were all opening their eyes in shock when they saw Shidou do that.
Itfs not desirable to expose the Spiritfs power to the public but; the Shidou now doesnft care about that. Each time he freely use the power, his feverish head will be filled with uplift. This is probably how it feels to take drugs and Shidou does not think anything about it.
gOkay-----then, I guess Ifll take this invitationh
After Shidou lifted his face, the map he saw just now appeared in his head. The place was not that far from here. The Shidou now can reach there immediately.
He lightly contracted his feet before kicking the sky. The same time he did that, the surrounding wind started to swirl and that caused Shidou to fly in the sky in high-speed.
It felt like he was a bullet. The sceneries shown in his view all passed by dizzily and the wind was hitting his skin painfully. The normal Shidou will definitely lose conscious half-way in flight and slam his head on the ground.
But, the current Shidou wonft do something that pathetic. After a while of flying, Shidou turned around and performed a beautiful landing.
He then made a simple fix of his hair and clothes which were messed up by the strong wind pressure before he looked around.
gThis is the placecc.h
After saying that, Shidou lifted his face. A giant building was built inside a lonely forest separated from the city. The vertical height isnft that much but,
the width of it was amazing. If a baseball dome was covered with a rectangular box, it might turn out looking like this.
Even by looking around the building, he could not find any sign showing what kind of facility this was. It gives off an extremely suspicious feeling because it looks like a secret factory that produces some kind of dangerous medicine.
Nonetheless, there were no signs of fear left inside the current Shidou. While feeling a light uplift and expectation, he walked over to the building-----and opened the door.
And at that moment.
gShidou!h
gShidoucc..san!h
gDarling!h
gccc!?h
Shidou opened his eyes wide unintentionally.
After a glaring light flashed into his view, a scene that looked like a beach from southern countries expanded out--------and the Spirits wearing colorful swimsuit were there welcoming Shidou.
At the same time. In the <Ratatoskr> facility located under Tenguu city. Inside a certain room in a corner, the crew members of the airship <Fraxinus> were gathered.
g-----Target, has entered the dome!h
After saying that, <Deep Love> Minowa operated her console. After she did that, the giant monitor installed at the wall showed Shidoufs appearance; on the side, numbers signifying his mental state and affection value were shown.
Yes. The room built inside the underground facility was a temporary commander room. The facility was not at the same level compared to the one in <Fraxinus> but, with this; this should be enough to act as a support for the Spirits.
While looking at the image shown on the monitor, the tall man standing beside the commander seat-----<Fraxinus> vice-captain- Kannazuki Kyouhei raised his voice loudly.
gOkay. Let the conquering begin. This might be an irregular but; this is an extremely important mission. All members, be preparedh
"""gYes!"""h
And to respond to him, a purposely low toned voice could be heard from the speaker.
gccc..Kannazuki. I think you know this but, no messed up choices okay? The last time I wasnft there, I heard you did a lot of things you know?h
In the corner of the monitor, the commander-Itsuka Kotori was shown wearing a white separate swimsuit. She was glaring towards the automated camera with a sharp gaze. However, as if Kannazuki did not feel this thorny atmosphere, he leisurely saluted towards his owner like a tamed dog.
gOf course! Leave it to me! This unworthy Kannazuki Kyouhei will definitely bring down Shidou-kun!h
gThose words pulls a nerveccc.well forget it. Anyway, we are stopping Shidou hereh
The crew replied with a [Yes!] again after hearing Kotorifs words.
And after that, <Dimension breaker> Nakatsugawa raised a loud groan.
gHowever, itfs just as what wefd expect from the commander. With this [Doki! Swimming tournament filled with Spirits] strategy, not only can you all approach Shidou-kun immediately, his Doki doki point is secured with everyonefs swimsuitsh
Just like what Nakatsugawa said, all the Spirits in the pool area were all wearing cute or sexy swimsuits. Every young male will probably go to heaven just by seeing them; it was a dream-like scenery.
gThatfs true. Coupled with the mismatch of ga swimsuit during the winterh, the impact is more than enough. With this, Shidou-kun will fall to his kneesh
As if to agree with him, <Bad Marriage> Kawagoe agreed consented. However, Kotori shrugged her shoulders while sweat was dripping down her forehead.
gNo, the one who planned this strategy isnft me----g
g----I am displeasedh
And to interrupt Kotori, a quiet voice echoed through the speaker. At the same time, a new window opened in the monitor showing Origami in a black swimsuit.
gThe strategy I proposed is not something of this level. It is still not too late. Letfs change the policyh
gOh come on youccc.a nudist beach is just impossible okay!?h
The crew members coughed reflexively when they heard Kotorifs sentence.
gcccccth-the first plan was something like that huhccc.."
gHow should I say thisccccc..as expected from Tobiichi Origamih
<Nail knocker> Shiizaki and <President> Mikimoto said that while sweat flowed down their forehead. But, Origami continued on as if that did not affect her.
gWhyh
gWh-what do you mean by whycccc..h
gThat method will definitely hit Shidou by surprise. Our top priority is to kiss Shidou and widen the passh
gThatccc.might be true butccccch
Kotori fumbled in her mouth.
gccc.calm down, Origami. Shin is still the one acting as the judge. Skin exposure exceeding the normality might just shock Shidouh
gI see. Basically, itfs better to gradually strip offh
gccccno, that's not what I meanth
After Reine scratched her cheeks, she coughed once to regain her composure before looking at the monitor.
Inside the monitor, Shidou already changed into his swimsuit thanks to Natsumifs ability, and was walking towards everyone. He was surprised at first but, excited values could no longer be seen. In order to kiss him, active conquering is needed as expected.
gccc.Anyway, letfs start the conquering. Whofs going firsth
And the moment Reine said that, a new voice could be heard from the speakerh
gKuku, a strong soldier is always first to head to war. Let us handle thish
gBrag. Leave this to Kaguya and Yuzuruh
A new window was opened in the monitor; and it showed the Yamai sisters wearing swimsuits with the same design (However, the patterns were opposite).
gcccc.fumu, the Yamai sisters huh. Everyone, no objections?h
gYes, of course. Letfs see what they can doh
gI donft mind. Leave the escorting to meh
gcccI donft care, do what you wanth
The Spirits replied back at a position away from Shidou.
After Kaguya and Yuzurufs sentence was heard through the Incam, both of them nodded at the same time before walking over to Shidou with a model walk style; where did they learn that from.
gKaka, oh Shidou, I am amazed you came without fearing us!h
gConsent. Apparently, hefs just too fixated on our charmsh
After they did that, Shidou looked over to them to reply to their voices.
gOuu, itfs Kaguya and Yuzuru huh. Haha, was it during the Tennou festival that I last saw you two in swimsuits? As expected, swimsuits look attractive if the personfs style is good. It looks good on you two. Both of you----are really beautifulh
After saying that, he made a carefree smile.
They probably did not expect such a straight praise because; Kaguya and Yuzurufs face turned red even though they walked over to him brimming with confidence.
gKaguya-chan, Yuzuru-chan, both affection levels are increasing!h
gNo, itfs not our side to be the ones falling for him right!?h
Shiizakifs shout echoed in the temporary commander room.
As if to match with her, a new window was shown on the monitor.
3 choices were written there, and it was.
‡@Pinch Shidou from the left and right, and attack him by pushing your breast on him.
‡APerform a vanilla flavor kiss through a soft cream.
‡BMake Shidou into a human banana, board onto him and have a sightseeing trip of the pool.
gHouu, itfs out! All members, your choices!h
Kannazuki shouted loudly. The crew members operated their consoles and each of them threw their votes to the choices they chosen.
And, the results were immediately showed. ‡@ and ‡A are having a close combat while there is only 1 vote for ‡B.
gIt has to be ‡@h
gYes, itfs a choice picked because itfs two of them. Throwing ‡A is toughccccI donft think he will be happy with ‡B unless he has some special fetishh
After the crew members said that, Kannazuki eyefs popped out in reflex.
gEhhhh!? Why is ‡B a problem! Itfs wonderful! He will go definitely Doki! Having a rope around the neck is even better! Shidou-kun will definitely understand. Can you hear me both of you. ‡B------g
g----Kawagoe-san!h
gLeave it to me!h
The moment Kannazuki was about to order the Yamai sisters, Kawagoe jumped at Kannzuki. Taking that chance; Mikimoto restrains both his hands while Nakatsugawa tied Kannazuki to the chair with a rope.
gWha-what are you all doing! Is it a Coup De tat!?h
gI am sorry, Vice commanderh
gBut, we were told by the commander to do this if the vice commander was going to lose controlcc..h
gI see! As expected from the commander, she understands my character! Then please do it stronger! The rope on the left hand is weak, what are you doing!h
While being tied to the chair, Kannazuki was breathing wildly while his cheeks were blushing. The crew members were sweating.
gcccc.then, we will leave the rest to Analyst Murasame, we will be counting on you!h
After being told that, Reine [cc..aah] nodded before moving her mouth closer to the mic which is connected to the Incam.
gccc..Can you two hear me? Pick ‡@h
Reinefs instructions reached them from the Incam.
gFuun. I see. Kuku, the pure Shidou will not be able to handle it if us, the Yamai do thath
gWarning. Kaguya, going all out is important for this action. Please be careful not to get timid when you get embarrassedh
gI-I wonft! I am going to be alright! I donft need to be worried for!h
gConsent. Then------letfs goh
Kaguya and Yuzuru nodded at each other before looking back at Shidou.
They then sat right beside Shidou before wrapping his arms.
gHnn? Whatfs wrong, both of youh
Shidou blinked his eyes in surprised while looking at both their faces respectively. Kaguya and Yuzuru looked at each other for an instant, they then [1, 2] moving only their lips without letting out their voice before pushing their own breast on Shidoufs arms at the same time.
gOooh?h
Shidoufs eyebrows jumped when he felt that. Kaguya and Yuzuru then raised the edges of thelips while their cheeks were blushing.
gKu-kukucc..how about it Shidou. Youfre getting excited from our charms right?h
gAgreed. You donft have to force yourself. Go on, go onh
While saying that, they approached closer to Shidou.
But, after Shidou sighed, he lightly swung his head.
gOi oi both of you. I am really happy about this but, unmarried girls shouldnft be doing this without any good reasonsh
gWhacc.!?h
gShock. A composed Shidou isnft like himh
Kaguya and Yuzuru started sweating when they heard Shidoufs response.
The face of the usual Shidou will instantly turn into a tomato when both of their breasts were pushed onto him and would definitely shout in panic. However, the current Shidou was not showing any signs of that.
When he told them those words calmly, Kaguya and Yuzuru turned embarrassed instead. Both of them groaned before looking away uncomfortably.
Shidou then*pon**pon* patted their head.
gBut, thanks. In order to save me, both Kaguya and Yuzuru is trying to make my heart go doki right? I am really happy for those feelingsh
gUguccc.h
gRed face. This is kind of cheatingh
Kaguya and Yuzuru felt like they got cornered and *Guu* rang their throats.
gcccccyou donft have to feel so negative. Kaguya, Yuzuruh
And, Reinefs voice could be heard in their ears.
gccc..Shin might look calm but, the moment when both of you pushed your breasts onto him, itfs clear that his excitement values rose, one more pushh
After hearing that, Kaguya and Yuzuru looked at each other.
gKucc..kuku, what do you know, you are responding after allh
gConsent. Hefs more of a closet pervert than beforeh
gccccctry ‡A next. Perform a vanilla flavor kiss through a soft cream. Therefs an ice cream shop at the edge of the pool right?h
When they looked over to the direction Reine told them about, itfs true that they could find a tropical designed stall there. A female, probably a member of <Ratatoskr>, was standing there smiling.
After Kaguya and Yuzuru nodded at each other, they stood up.
gKuku, oh Shidou, wait over there! I will bestow upon you a kiss from the ice goddess!h
gTranslate. We are going to by soft cream so please wait for a whileh
After saying that, both of them ran off to the sandy beach, they then ordered two soft creams from the stall before heading back to Shidou.
gHn?h
Shidou looked at the number of soft creams in their hands and tilted his head.
gWhat, only for two? Thatfs pretty harsh of youh
Shidou shrugged his shoulders while making a wry smile. But, Kaguya and Yuzuru swung their heads.
gFuu, donft be hasty Shidouh
gTransfer. 1 is for Shidou. Here you goh
After Yuzuru handed over the soft cream, Shidou opened his eyes widely in wonder.
gHnn, thanks. But with this, Yuzuru wonft have anything right? Perhaps, you did not have enough money?h
gDeny. That is not true. But, 1 is enough for Yuzuru and Kaguyacccc.Kaguyah
gcc..Hnh
After Yuzuru urged her, Kaguya showed a glimpse of hesitation because of the slight embarrassment before handing her the soft cream in her hand. Yuzuru then gently placed her hands over her hand.
Kaguya and Yuzuru then nodded at each other before bringing out their tongue from their opened lips and started licking the soft cream in front of Shidou. -----both of them were doing that at the same time.
gHnnccc..Afuuh
gSweceet. This isccch
Both of them felt their breaths gently tickling their cheeks. Apart from the white sweet cream, both of them could feel their tongues wriggling around. Kaguya and Yuzuru felt this lewd scene being scorched into their minds. It was a pleasant feeling consisting of immorality, sexiness, and seductiveness. They understood with this, this was more stimulating than expected. With this, even Shidou willccc..
gccccBoth of you. Sorry to tell you this while you two are working hard but, shouldnft it be done to Shin instead of you Kaguya and Yuzuru doing it between yourselves?h
But. Both of them stopped when Reinefs words reached their eyes.
gcccc..ahh
gForget. Now that you mentioned ith
Itfs true that shefs correct. They judged it that way based on the wordings but, this just looks like both of them are flirting with each other in front of Shidou. Due to the double punch of the embarrassment of their actions and the embarrassment of being mistaken, they face turned beet red.
But at that moment, both of them noticed Shidoufs cheeks were also blushed a little.
gcccc.? Err?h
gDoubt. Werenft we mistaken?h
gPlease wait Analyst Murasame! Shidou-kufs excitement values are increasing!h
<President> Mikimotofs voice echoed in the Incam.
gApparently, the Yamai sisters flirting have caused a visual excitement!h
gIt is not impossiblecc..! Thatfs a little like that. This is on the level where I can enjoy one night alone with this videoh
After hearing <Dimension Breaker> Nakatsugawafs words, nods could be heard from several people. Next off, <Nail Breaker> Shiizakifs tired voice echoed.
gccccMinowa-san, I suggest we examine all the male crew members here when we leaveh
gTrue. Letfs do thath
gNo way! Itfs just for research!h
gThatfs right! Itfs pure intellectual curiosity!h
gAhhh yeah yeah.-----More importantly, Analyst Murasameh
gccc.Aah, this is a good stroke of luck. But, the current excitement level is at 80%. Just one more push, if therefs somethingh
After hearing Reinefs words, Kaguya and Yuzuru brought their own eyebrows closer.
gSomethingcccceven if you tell us to do that somethingccch

gWarning. Kaguya, the soft cream ish
The same time Yuzuru said that, the soft cream which got warmed up due to both of their body temperature, started dripping down to Yuzurufs breast from the cone.
gCold. Hyannh
Yuzuru twitched her shoulders. After she did that, the melted soft cream passed through the gap between Yuzuru breasts before dripping down to Kaguyafs thigh next.
gUkyaaaa! C-coldcc.h
After Kaguya shut her eyes closed, she made an unpleasant expression.
gUwaaa, I am all sticky. Was there something I can use to wipe off?h
gSuggestion. You can get rid of it instantly if you enter the pool------g
And. Just when Yuzuru reached that far to her sentence, the edge of her eyebrows twitched. Kaguya twisted her head in wonder.
gHnn, whatfs wrong, Yuzuruh
gHeaven blessing. We can do it with thish
After Yuzuru said that, she suddenly went around Kaguya to her back and grabbed both her shoulders before presenting her to Shidou.
And,
gImplore. Shidou, Yuzuru and Kaguya got all sticky from the soft cream.-----please make us beautiful with your tongueh
gUnn?h
Shidou replied back while his eyes were opened wide in surprise. After a moment later, Kaguya shouted because she understood what Yuzuru meant by her words.
gWaitccc!? Wha-what are you saying Yuzuru!h
gStop. Please calm down Kaguya. Letfs turn misfortune into fortune. This is a way to flip this situation. Kaguyafs breasts are normal but your well-tones skin is first classh
gSorry for being normal!? Forget that, if thatfs the case, why not have him make you more beautiful with your breast instead!h
gReject. If Yuzuru starts first, it will not be stimulating enough to excite him when itfs Kaguyafs turnh
gAre you praising me!? Or are you making fun of me!?h
After Kaguya shrieked loudly, Shidou, who saw that right in front of him, *Nii* made a smile.
gHehccc? You want to be made beautiful huh, Kaguyah
gcc.! Tha-thatfsccch
gAdvice. Kaguyah
Yuzuru whispered into Kaguyafs ear. Kaguya nodded while her face turned red.
gcc.Ple-easecc.do ith
After Kaguya said that, Shidou [Fuuuun?] smiled happily and licked his lips.
He then crouched down and slowly brought his face closer to Kaguyafs thighs.
gccccc..!h
Shidoufs tongue touched Kaguyafs skin-----(Was about to touch though).
Suddenly, [Pan paka pan!] a very loud cheery fanfare echoed and caused Kaguya and Yuzuru to twitch their body at the same time.
gUhyaaa!?h
gSurprise. What was that soundh
When both of them were surprised, Reinefs voice could be heard from the Incam as if she was there to answer them.
gcccCongratulations, both of you. Shinfs excitement level has just crossed 90%. Whatfs more, itfs for each individualh
gEh? Which meansccc.h
gSuccess. That means Shidoufs heart went doki from us huhh
After Kaguya and Yuzuru said that, Shidou shrugged his shoulders because he probably understood the situation based on their conversation.
gApparently, I was defeated huh. As expected from the Yamai sistersh
gEh? Ah-----Ku-kukuku! Well of course! Now you know the charm of the child of the hurricane, the Yamai!h
In order to patch up her mistake, Kaguya laughed loudly. Shidou then pointed at her thighs which was wet by the cream while narrowing his eyes as if this was interesting.
gccccc..so, want to continue?h
gcc.! A-auuuccc.h
Kaguyafs face turned red again and looked down.
Part 4
Natsumi, who was wearing a one-piece swimsuit that lacks sex appeal (Well, the reason for it being not sexy is not only because of the swimsuit), was hiding behind a rock set up in in the indoor pool while checking out the situation between Shidou and the Yamai sisters.
Although shefs at a spot a little further away so that she wonft get found, she was able to know what actions were taken and what outcome came out since she was able to hear their conversation if she match the Incam channel.
Apparently, both of them successfully made Shidou go doki. As expected from Kaguya who usually is brimming with confidence and Yuzuru, who has hidden high-spec qualities. They magnificently accomplished the role of being first.
Nonetheless, itfs not like Natsumi was that shocked. Therefs no male in existence that will ignore those beautiful sisters once they approached those guys.
Likewise, Natsumi was not that worried about the other spirits too. Naturally for her goddess- Yoshino, Tohka is innocent, cute and has amazing style, Kotori has that immoral sense because shefs his step-sister and her acting tough front tickles the male heart. Although her problem is an issue, Mikufs breast is a nuke, even Origamiccccc.is skilled in capturing people. Everyone, probably has the ability to kiss Shidou.
However the problem here now is none other than Natsumi herself.
gMake him go dokiccwhat kind of condition is that sheeshh
After Natsumi said that hatefully, she clenched her fist tightly.
Her bad intentions were clear. Within the beautiful spirits, this condition particularly targets the problematic child-Natsumi because shefs the only one bringing down the bell curve.
Shefs getting irritated that shefs the only one that canft pass the condition while everyone else can clear it naturally.
If she was to give an example, gin the class huge jump rope competition [Alright, the other classfs record isnft amazing!] [Yeah, we will win if we jump 10 times!] [This is the same as winning!] [OiOKay, letfs go! one, two,
thrcccAhh] [Oi oi, who is itcc] [Uwahh, no way-ccc]h it felt something like that. gThatfs why I told you I am bad with rope jumping from the start!h gWhy is the one not good at jumping, the one spinning the rope!?h gDoes this society allow bums to prosecute people who have done the work!?h
Natsumi suddenly had the urge to scratch off her throat.
gccccan-anyways, this condition is impossible for mecccch
Natsumi scratched her head while letting out a gloomy voice before she started to think.
Even if Natsumi failed in making Shidou go doki, Shidou will turn even weaker than now as long as everyone succeeds in widening the pass by kissing him before midnight. Once that happens, she will get everyone to restrain Shidou, and she will forcefully kiss Shidou thenccccc.that might not sound something praiseworthy but, this is an emergency. Everyone will understand her.
gOkaycc.letfs go with thath
gWith what?h
gLike I said, first off everyone-----wait, Hyaaaaa!?h
Natsumi shouted loudly because of the sudden call out and jumped up.
gShi-Shidou!?h
And, she called the person that appeared behind her out from nowhere.
Yes. The person there was Shidou who just now was having a conversation with the Yamai sisters at the edge of Natsumifs view.
gOu. What are you doing over here, Natsumih
gccccN-nothingcccc..i am not doing anythingcc..more importantly, go to the other girls already. Come on, I think Tohka is looking for youcc..h
After Natsumi said that, Shidou [uuun] showed a thinking gesture before making a devilish smile.
gWhat would you do if I said no?h
gHuhccc? wh-what are you saying. I donftcc..h
gLike I said, until Natsumi make me go doki, I will not move to the other Spiritsh
gc..Heeah!?h
After hearing Shidoufs words, Natsumi got shocked.
gWaicccwait wait wait, what is that lie!? Wasnft the arrangement our freedom to choose!? Why is it me anyway in the first place!h
gFelt like ith
gDonft screeewwwww with meeeee!?h
gcccCalm down, Natsumih
The same time Natsumi shrieked loudly, a sleepy voice could be heard coming from the Incam.
A choice window was shown on top of the image of Natsumi and Shidou which was being shown on the underground temporary commander room.
‡@Take advantage of her undeveloped body and make him go doki doki by approaching him innocently.
‡AHave a gap5 contest by handling him with the composure of an adult Onee-san.
‡BTake him on with the charms of a crafty loli grandma.
gccccall members, please chooseh
To match with Reinefs daze toned words, the crew members operated their own consoles. The results were immediately shown on the screen.
Results was----‡A.
gccc.I see, ‡A huhh
gYes, therefs that feeling that Shidou-kun likes little girls so ‡@ might be a good choice but, I think thatfs too cruel for Natsumi-chan to do thatccc..h
gUun, well if we are talking about ‡Abeing cruel, itfs actually quite cruel but, I think we can manage if she is able to recall back of herself when shefs in her Onee-san modeccccch
gEeeh, why not ‡B? I think it will work out since itfs something not done beforeccc..h
gUuunccccNakatsugawa-san isnft that serious as Vice-commander but, your fetishes are niched to a certain extentcccc..h
Every mouth in the crew were talking about that. Reine moved her mouth closer to the mic which is connected to the Incam.
gccc.Did you hear that, Natsumi. ‡Ah 5 Basically, letfs say therefs a character with a strict attitude. That character also has a childish side to her forming this gap in personality. Japanese takes this gap as a factor for charm apparently.
After receiving Reinefs instructions from the Incam, Natsumi gulped.
--- Have a gap contest by handling him with the composure of an adult Onee-san. Are they telling her to use this method to confront Shidou.
gccc..h
*Babump**babump* her heart started beating loudly and her body started sweating profusely maybe because of the nervousness.
But, it was only natural. Since the pass between the current Natsumi and Shidou is in a narrowed situation, most of her Reiryoku wonft counter flow back to her even though her mental state is this unstable. Basically, Natsumifs canft properly use her transformation ability which is her sanctuary.
Itfs true that when Natsumi first met Shidou, he was totally at mercy of her adult charm. However, thatfs a situation first established thanks to the existence of the mask called Onee-san mode, which is created by <Haniel>. To Natsumi who wants to reincarnate to a species that can perform parthenogenesis because she was originally shy and afraid to confront others, this is just too unreasonable for her.
However, Natsumi fully understands that this situation is not one that allows her to say such things. If Natsumi gives up here, Shidou will lose control of his powers and might die in the worst case scenario. If that happens, Yoshino and the other girls will be sad----more importantly, even Natsumi will never allow that.
Itfs thanks to Shidou that Natsumi is here now. Itfs true that her voice is getting shrilled and shefs getting dizzy from the nervousness. However, she had to do it. Natsumi somehow managed to gather a fist full of courage from her whole body and directed it all to her chest before she lifted her face to show her determination.
She then awkwardly put up a flirtatious act while talking to Shidou.
gUuccc.Ufuuun, oh Shidou-kuncccc.do you really want me that much? What acc.hopeless, childcccch
After saying that, Natsumi did her best and traced her fingers on Shidoufs chest erotically.
But.
gccccc..puuuh
While Shidou covered his face with his hand, he softly burst out in laughter.
Instantly, the cornered Natsumifs shyness which was being suppressed like water barely spilling out because of the water tension, exploded.
gGacc.Gaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah! W-what are you laughing atttt! You made fun of me, you just made fun of meeeee! I know itfs weird; itfs obvious it would be hilarious if a midget like me acts like an erotic Onee-sannnnn! Just what other choice do I haveeeee!h
gSorry sorry. Itfs not like I was making fun of you. I just thought it was a little charmingh
gShut up! Whatfs with those oblaat6 filled words! Itfs so thick I canft swallow it down!h
After Natsumi shouted, she messed up her own hair.
---Yeah, itfs no good. I knew it was useless. If canft fight if I [Stay like this]. I wonft be able to save Shidou If I [stay like this].
After Natsumi judged that, she poked Shidou.
gcc..Wait right there!h
gEh?h
Shidou opened his eyes wide in surprise but, Natsumi ignored him and turned around before running back to the dressing room which the girls used to change.
Inside the dressing room established in the indoor pool, various swimsuits were prepared there and come in all sizes and designs. Before Shidou came here, everyone was testing out swimsuits and was picking out the swimsuits suitable for them. Well, Natsumi chose the one fundamentally plain though.
After Natsumi overturned the mountain of swimsuits, she quickly picked a new swimsuit. She picked something different from the one-piece type she wore; it was a bold bikini, and whatfs more it was one with the size probably prepared for Miku or Yuzuru use.
gOkaycccc..h
After Natsumi clenched her fist as if to show her determination, she took off her swimsuit and was fully naked.
She fully knows that itfs dangerous to manifest her Reiryoku in her current state. But, in order to save Shidou, Natsumi has no choice but [This].
After Natsumi made a thin sigh, she concentrated her consciousness. 6 Starch in Dutch.
---gOiiii, everyone, letfs have a wireless competition.h gOkayccc wait, ah, Natsumi-chan does not have this game if I remembered correctly?h gAh, sorryh. gReally?h. gThen can you go and play alone for a while?h
gccccwait, you all knew I donft have that in the first placeeeeeeeeee!h
She made a negative imagination in her head and shouted. When she did that, Natsumifs body gave a pale glow and her silhouette transformed from the silhouette of a thin midget, to the silhouette of a glamorous female.
Yes. Natsumifs mentality is the weakest compared to the other spirits and whenever she thinks of a negative scene, she is able to her Reiryoku limit release.
And-------therefs nothing the Natsumi, whofs in her adult Onee-san mode, is scared of.
gUfufuccccwell then, I guess Ifll keep Shidou-kun company nowh
Natsumi completely changed compared to just now and after she posed in front of the mirror with a confident manner, she wore the bikini she prepared and exited the dressing room.

And at that moment, Reinefs voice echoed from the Incam.
gccc..Natsumi, that appearance-----did you use your Reiryoku? Itfs dangerous. Turn back nowh
gFufu, itfs okay, you donft have to worry. In order to conserve Reiryoku, I did not transform the swimsuit and I am using a real oneh
gcc...No. itfs too dangerous. Immediately-----g
gOkay okay, I get ith
After Natsumi sighed while shrugging her shoulders tiredly,
gcc.it wonft be a problem if I hurry up and make Shidou-kun fall for me right?h
*Fufuun* she snorted before walking over to Shidou.
gShidou-kun, sorry. For. The. Wait ôh
gAah, Natsumicc..wait, that appearanceh
Shidou opened his eyes wide in surprise. Natsumi made a leisure smile while bringing her body to Shidou before using her fingercccto *tsu*Tsu tracing her chest.
gThis appearance? Fuunccc.oh Shidou-kun, so you are interested in my bodyh
While saying that prank fully, Natsumi continued playing with Shidou.
gWhich part of the female body does Shidou-kun like? Care to tell this onee-san? If you do that, Ifll give you special permission to touch me okay?h
Shidou lifted the edge of his lips after hearing Natsumifs provocative statement. The usual Shidou will definitely panic with his cheeks blushing so itfs apparent that hefs acting a little weird because of the fever and Reiryoku.
gHaha, should you really say that, Natsumi. Arenft you looking down upon the imaginations of a male in his 2nd year of high-school?h
gYes, you donft need to be so reserved. Come hereccc.get more spoiled by this Onee-sanh
While saying that, she lifted Shidoufs chin.
But, at that moment.
g----Auuu!?h
Just when a sharp pain suddenly appeared in her chest, Natsumifs body started trembling with short intervals right after.
gK-kuuec..This isccc..h
gOi, Natsumi? Whatfs wrong?h
Shidou called out to Natsumi worriedly when he saw Natsumi bending her body while sweating profusely. However, the pain did not settle down at all. Her body started to gradually heat up and it was making her having issues to breathe too.
And---------at that moment, Natsumifs consciousness was about to shut down.
Right after Natsumifs body made a pale glow, her body turned back small from her adult Onee-san mode. Apparently, she has reached the limit of her Reiryoku.
Whatfs more, itfs going to be trouble since she changed into the swimsuit after turning into her Onee-san mode.
The bikini top which was covering a bust 20 centimeters more than her original bust, did not stay contained on Natsumifs breast and was barely dangling down with only one string left attached to her.
gGyaaaaa!?h
Natsumi shouted loudly at the spot before crouching down to cover her chest and lower body with her hands.
In that small interval, Shidou was blankly staring at Natsumi but,
g---------Pu, fufu, hahaha, ahahahahahaha!h
He then started laughing while carrying his stomach showing that he could not handle it.
gUuccc.sh-shut uppppppp! Donft laughhhhhhh! The start of this was because you wonft go doki with this appearance and thatfs your faullttttttt!h
gHahac..no, sorry. I was just a little surprisedccc..h
gI know! I know! Even you think you are better off not kissing someone ugly like me right!? You went as far as to place a plausible condition of gIf you make me go doki huhh! Why not just tell it right at my face!h
While Natsumi continued rattling on, Shidou shrugged his shoulders.
gOi oi, no one said that. Actually-----g
gI know, you donft have to tell meeeeee! In the end, you planned to have a public execution by exposing this sentence [Okayyyy, therefs only 1 person within you that didnft make my heart go doki] in front of everyone
rigggggtttt!? God damn it God damn ittttt! Just how am I going to make you go doki-----g
And. Natsumi noticed something when she reached that far in her sentence.
She noticed the echoing fanfare signifying a clear, coming from the Incam in her right ear.
g------Eh?h
Natsumi opened her eyes wide. She did not understand what happened just now and was feeling blank.
gccc..congratulations Natsumi. You cleared it. Shinfs heart was properly moved by your alluring figureh
gEhccc.no way. Reallyccc.?h
She could not believe Reinefs words which she heard from the Incam, and remained blank.
Shidou then took a thin parka from a near beach bed which was set up in the establishment before gently putting it on Natsumifs shoulders.
He then stared at Natsumi for a few seconds before relaxing his lips.
gcc..Wha-what is ith
gFufuccc.well, sorry. Natsumi, youfre reallyccc.a cute oneh
gWhacc.!?h
Natsumifs turned shocked after hearing his sudden words.
gWhat are you saying all of a suddencc! Arenft your eyes rottencc!?h
gNope, thatfs not it. Natsumifs cute. I can guarantee thath
gUuccUguhcccc..h
gCute. Natsumifs cute. Super cuteh
gWaitcccc..h
gYoufre really cute. Seriously cuteh
gccc..Muuuucccccc.h
gYou are cute, Natsumih
gccc., ga-gaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhh!h
Natsumifs face was as red as a tomato while she pushed Shidou into the pool.
Part 5
gOhooo, not bad Natsumi-chan. Oopps, I think we need to call her cute Natsumi-chan from now on huh?h
gUn, Natsumi-sanc.you are amazingh
Having seen Natsumifs tough struggle, Yoshino nodded at the words her left hand [Yoshinon] said.
With this, a total of 3 people including the previous Yamai sisters have succeeded in making Shidoufs heart go doki. Of course, the situation is not that easy to allow any predictions but, itfs comparatively going smooth now.
gccccSo, whofs nexth
Reinefs voice could be heard coming from the Incam.
And at the same time, [Yoshinon] swung its hands around.
gOkay okay letfs have Yoshino go nexth
gccc..! Yo-Yoshinonccc!?h
Yoshino opened her eyes wide after hearing those sudden words.
gcccccchn, Yoshino are you going to do it?h
gN-no, I am still notccc..h
gYoshino, itfs time for you to work hard you know? We have to save Shidou-kun for the number of times he saved us! Isnft that the reason why we had a strategic meeting just now just for this!h
gccccch
Yoshino twitched her shoulders after being told that. Itf just as what [Yoshinon] says. The only ones that can save Shidou now are the Spirits. Therefs no time for any sorts of hesitation.
She made up her mind before replying back to Reine.
gP-please, let me do itcccccc.!h
gcccchnn, I understand. Good luckh
Reine told her with a quiet tone. Yoshino placed her hands on her chest to calm her heart down and took a deep breath before slowly lifting her face.
gLetfs do this, Yoshinonccc.!h
gRoger! Okay Yoshino, letfs get starting with the plan we made just now!h
gU-unccc.h
After Yoshinon made a determined nod, she ran towards Shidou. Having noticed that, Shidou looked over to her.
gOh, Yoshino and Yoshinon. Haha, thatfs a cute swimsuith
gTha-thank youccvery muchh
gWell, Yoshino is cuter thoughh
gcccc.!h
When their face met, Yoshino was immediately told that and that made her blushed in reflex.
And after a few seconds of silence, [Yoshinon] poked her sides to ask her to move forward.
gAhcc.Shidou-san, errccc.h
While saying that, she took out a small bottle which she hid inside [Yoshinon]. [Yoshinon] raised a weird [Nhooooooo!] when she pulled it out.
gHn, whatfs that?h
gErrcc..itfs a sunblock creamccc..I thought of putting it on Shidou-sancc..h
gSunblock?h
While saying that, Shidou lifted his face. A blue sky and an artificial sun were glowing on the roof of the set which was decorated to look like this was in the southern countries butccccc..will this be enough to cause sunburn is unknown to him.
But Shidou made a comfortable smile.
gI see, Ifll count on you then. I did that for Kaguya and Yuzuru before but, this is the first time someone put it on meh
After saying that, he put a sheet on top of the artificial sandy beach and lied on top.
gO-okayccc..h
After Yoshino nodded, she placed a vinyl cover over [Yoshinon] before taking the sunblock cream in her hands. She then,
gE-excusec.meh
Yoshino made up her mind and extended over Shidoufs back as if shefs mounting on a horse.
gWoah, thatfs quite bold of youh
gcccc! E-errcccci am sorryccc.h
gYou donft have to apologize. Continueh
gY-yesccch
Yoshino listened to his words and continued putting on the cream on Shidoufs back by massaging him with [Yoshinon]fs help.
gcccccccch
Now that she tried touching him, she could get a clear understanding on the difference of body built. Even though Shidou has a neuter facial look, his back was large and there were the feeling of supple muscles coming from his arms. Her face felt somewhat hot just by only touching.
gAhhcccccThis is quite comfortable. I think I understand why Kaguya and Yuzuru was making a fuss about this. Youfre skilled, Yoshinoh
gTh-thank you very muchccc.h
She said that shyly before diligently smearing the cream.
And once she finished covering every part of his back, Yoshino *Suuu* inhaled to fix her breathing before moving her lips.
gErrcc.Shidou-san. i finished, putting it on your backh
gHn? Aah, thanksh
gSo, errccc.i- will putccit on the front nowcc..!h
Yoshino said that while shutting her eyes, and after Shidou opened his eyes wide in shock, he [Fuuun] mumbled interestingly.
gI see. Thenccc...I guess Ifll take that offerh
After saying that, he showed a gesture to tell Yoshino to get off for a while. Yoshino quickly got off Shidoufs back.
Shidou then raised his body while making oddly sexy postures before lying face up.
gOkaycc.Yoshino. Come overh
Shidou beckon Yoshino over as if he was inviting her over.
gY-yesccc.h
After Yoshino replied with a soft voice, she fearfully extended over Shidoufs stomach-----before slowing sitting on him.
gW-wellcc.i am starting nowh
Like just now, she poured the oil in her hands and started smearing on Shidoufs chest and stomach. Each time Yoshinofs fingers touched him, Shidoufs muscle would slightly twitch each time.
At that moment, Reinefs voice could be heard coming from the Incam worn in her right ear.
gcc..Shinfs excitement values are rising. Yoshino, a little moreh
gAcc.little moreccc..h
gHn? What?h
gEccc.errcccc.h
Yoshino looked away while mumbling something. Her left hand- [Yoshinon] then clattered its mouth as if to substitute Yoshino.
gHey Hey Shidou-kuun? This is Yoshinonfs preference so; I think itfs a good choice to smear it on a little lower positionh
gUn? Lower positioncc.you meanh
Shidoufs sights gradually slant down after hearing [Yoshinon]fs words.
But, Yoshino was mounted on top of Shidoufs stomach now. Yoshinofs lower body naturally interrupts Shidoufs view. After her legs, he could see her shin, knee and------her thighs extending out from her swimsuit.
gcccch
Feeling the hallucination that shefs being licked around by his view; Yoshino gasped unintentionally.
gWhat are you going to do Yoshino, Yoshinon is saying that thoughh
gAhcc..iccc..h
Yoshino covered her face with her right hand while letting out a thin voice.
gccccl-let mecc.do itccc..h
Shidou slowly nodded. Yoshinofs breathing was *haa**Haa* wild while turning around on top of Shidoufs body before facing towards his feet.
But, the moment Yoshinofs hands were about to touch Shidoufs thighs.
A strong tremor attacked the facility they were in.
g----K-kyaaa!?h
She shouted reflexively when the impact that felt like a nuclear explosion or giant earthquake occurred. Explosions echoed from the ceiling; creaks were forming in the wall and the southern theme art props made loud sounds while they collapse. The faces of the Spirits and members of <Ratatoskr> were covered in shock.
gYoshino!h
Right after Shidoufs voice echoed, he hugged Yoshino and dived into the pool with her.
She immediately understood Shidoufs actions. A giant lighting fell from the ceiling onto the spot Yoshino was at just now.
gTh-thank you very muchccc.h
gNo, more importantly, whatfs thath
gThis isccc..h
She immediately understood that this was not a natural disaster.------this was a feeling she felt many times when Shidou was trying to seal her powers. Itfs the smell of weapons created by human hostility and hatred.
gWhat!? What is going on!?h
Watching over Yoshinofs struggle from the shadows of a southern theme prop, Kotori looked up at the terribly messed up ceiling while frowning her eyebrows.
g-----Reine!? Whatfs happening!?h
gccccItfs an emergency. There are several confirmed readings of <Bandersnatch> in the sky above the facility you all are in. Also------A reading presumably belonging to Ellen Mathers, is a little further awayh
gWhat did you say!?h
<Bandersnatch>. DEM industries remote controlled human type weapon. Just as what Reine said, she confirmed several red glowing camera eyes from the gaps of the smoking ceiling.
And Ellen Mathers. She is humanity strongest Wizard and the strongest power DEM possesses.
gKuhccWe got sniffed out by DEM!?h
gcccAah. Their target is most likely Shincc.Sorry. it is our fault. I never would have imagined that they would get close that easilyh
gNo, it canft be helped. I am fully aware that it will not work out like how we do it in <Fraxinus>.-----and more importantly, how are we going to escape from this situation. Kuh, what nasty timingcc..!h
Kotori said that angrily. However, it was only normal for her to do so. Right now, they donft have the <Fraxinus> and the Spirits canft use their Reiryoku. Adding the strongest Wizard Ellen Mathers into the picture, this can be described as the worst combination.
gcc..We have no time. You girls, please continue with Shinfs conquering. We will somehow manage the matters with Ellen Mathersh
gYou said handle, but how------g
gcccc.I donft want to use this if possible but, I prepared this counter measure just in case. Leave this to meh
Reine told her that in a calm manner. Kotori hesitated for a moment before gI understandh nodded.
gItfs probably going to be alright since Reine said it. ----Ifll leave this to you. We can no longer use the pool since this is the situation. Initiate the second sequence, please prepare the spare facilityh
gcccAah, I pray for your------g
And. Right in the middle of Reinefs sentence, a shadow walked out slowly from the edge of Kotorifs view. ----it was Shidou.
gOi oi, now thatfs a flashy mess. -----you lots are the ones that started this. Of course, all of you came here prepared right?h
After saying that, he glared at the countless <Bandersnatch>s floating in the sky while opening his legs as if to stabilize himself and brought both his hands near his hips.
gShidouc..? What are you doing?h
After Kotori asked him with a dubious face, Shidou glanced over to Shidou and *fufuun* snorted.
gJust watchh
He then concentrated Reiryoku light inside his hands.
And then----shouted.
The name of that technique.

(Ougi7!-Roaring Flash Blast Waveeeeee!)
Shidou thrust out both his hands together with a strong shout.
A strong Reiryoku wave gushed out of Shidoufs palms instantly.
Even when compared to Tohkafs <Sandalphon> and Origamifs <Metatron, the torrent of condense power is not inferior in anyway; it completely pierced through the collapsing ceiling and lighted up the night sky like itfs mid-day for a few moments. 10 presumed units of <Bandersnatch> concentrated above, could not escape the sudden attack and scattered about like fireworks.
gNo wayyyy!?h
Kotorifs voice turned inside out. No, thinking carefully, since Shidou currently possess Reiryoku worth 8 Spirits, these small matter isnft mysterious at all butcccc..how should she put this. It feels like shefs looking at a really strange scene here.
gRe-reine, this isnft what you meant by counter measures rightccch
gccc..Itfs an obvious noh
When Kotori asked in a troubled tone, Reine silently replied back with a quiet voice.
Shidou then wiped his forehead in a manner as if he finished his task.
gHowfs the taste of the results I got after a long time of training. -----just kiddingh
gccccc.h
Itfs really funny but, the power was fear worthy. As expected, they canft let Shidou stay like this. Itfs not like she lowered her guard but, Kotori renewed her determination.
gShidou-sancc..!h
When Kotori was thinking, Yoshino ran over towards Shidou. Now that she thinks about it, it was currently right in the middle of Yoshinofs turn to conquer Shidou.
gAah, Yoshino. Relax. I took care of the annoying bugsh
gHa-haaaccccch
Yoshino replied vaguely while sweating profusely. Although, itfs not like she canft understand her feelings. Itfs only natural to show that reaction after seeing that attack. 7 Generally used for ultimate skills.
At that moment, Kotori blinked her eyes several times. The stomach part of Yoshinofs one piece was torn and her cute belly button popped out.
gYoshino, thath
gYes, whatfs-----Ahh
Apparently, she noticed it because Kotori told her. Yoshino looked down at her stomach before raising her voice in shock.
gOh myccccclooks like it got hooked by something. Isnft it a better to change?h
gAhccitfs okay. If thatfs the casecc..h
After hearing Kotorifs words, Yoshino replied that before suddenly placing her hands on her swimsuitfs shoulder strap. She then, pulled it down.
gWai-wait Yoshino!?h
Even though Kotori quickly tried to stop her, it was too late. With [Yoshinon]fs help, Yoshino stripped down her swimsuit until it reached her hips. Yoshinofs white skin which was covered by the one-piece swimsuit was now exposed to the air.
gccc..heh?h
But-----Kotori blinked with surprise.
Under Yoshinofs swimsuit was another tube-top type bikini worn.
gYoshino, whatfs thath
gYesccccYoshinon told me itfs better to wear it just in casecccch
gJust in caseccccitfs not for when your swimsuit gets ripped apart right?h
gErrcccwellcc.yesh
Yoshino embarrassingly narrowed her shoulders while her face turned red.
At that moment. The fanfare which signifies the excitement value 90% break echoed from the Incam.

gccc.!?h
When she looked over towards the shocked Shidou, she found him gazing at stripped Yoshino with a really interested gaze. He was placing his hand on his chin and would sometime nod as if he was reviewing fine arts.
gEr-errrccc.h
Having noticed his gaze, Yoshinofs face turned even redder.
gccYoshinocc.what a terrifying childh
Kotori mumbled that with a shocked voice.
Chapter 4: Party Time
Part 1
gWhacccch
At a mysterious facility located in a forest quite desolated from the Tenguu city. Ellen opened her eyes wide in shock at a high ground which allows her to have a good view to observe the weird Reiha reading.
However it was only natural. Thatfs because, the advance team which consists of 20 <Bandersnatch> that has attacked the facility, were all destroyed throughout by a mysterious light shot out from the facility.
g-------the <Bandersnatch> team has been annihilatedcc.!h
gI-it had an amazing Reiryoku readings to itc..!h
The voices of operators came from the communicator equipped in the CR-unit. Ellen brought her eyebrows closer in detest-----however, *Fuuun* she snorted to regain her composure.
gccc.I see. Itfs not just some normal facilityh
She said that while folding her arms and her weapons made a clanking sound.
Right now, Ellen wasnft wearing the coat she wore during the afternoon, and was wearing the platinum CR-unit <Pendragon> which is named after a kingfs name.
Itfs the strongest armor and sword created for humanityfs strongest Wizard-Ellen. There is no enemy Ellen canft handle once she wears this war armor. Not to mention, Itsuka Shidou who is not even a Wizard; shefs able to make him kneel down without laying a finger on him.
gccccc..h
The same time she thought that, she remembered the mistake she performed during the afternoon. Ellen tapped her elbow in an irritated manner before ordering the <Bandersnatch> team.
gSecond wave, ready. I will sortie next, please be careful of anti-aerial attackh
gYes!h
The operatorfs reply echoed to respond to Ellenfs words; then the armed <Bandersnatch> team standing by behind her started flying up to the sky in order.
But---at that moment.
gccc!?h
Just after seeing a ray of light appear in her view, 3 <Bandersnatch> head instantly blow up after they went on ahead.
gThis----g
After mumbling, she half-consciously placed her hands on the handle of the high energy laser blade <Caledfwlch> burdening her from behind. She then pulled it out and the same time she generated the magic light blade, she swung it down towards the shadow which appeared.
Instantly, strong magic light scattered about nearby.
g----Manah
gAs expected from Ellen. You wonft get beaten that easily huhh
After Ellen said her name, the girl who appeared there all of a sudden, *nii* distorted the edge of her lips and flew behind.
It was a young girl with a ponytail hairstyle. But, the black blue CR-unit shefs wearing shows the extraordinary history she holds.
Takamiya Mana. Itsuka Shidoufs real sister and DEMfs former number 2 Wizard.
gI never would have imagine you to appearh
gTherefs no way I would stay quiet when I was told that Onii-sama is in big trouble. Sorry but, it wonft go the way you want now that I am here, Ellenh
Mana said that provocatively. Ellen distorted her eyebrows unpleasantly.
gcc..you siblings, really know how to make me unhappy.------it canft be helped if I say this now but, I knew I should have killed him at that time. Seriously, Ikefs hobby is hard to swallowh
After Ellen said that, Mana suspiciously brought her eyebrows closer.
gccc.that time? What are you talking about?h
gWell, who knowsh
gFuunccc.oh well. Anyway, I am not letting you throughh
After saying that, Mana pointed the sword equipped in her right hand towards Ellen.
Ellen made a small snort before pointing <Caledfwlch> towards Mana in retaliation.
Part 2
This happened after Yoshino successfully made Shidou fall for her. After the <Bandersnatch> assault and Shidoufs Ougi - Roaring Flash Blast Waveeeeee!, the Spirits were having a temporary meeting at the corner of the indoor pool facility which was about to collapse any moment.
g----Okay, there were disturbance mixed in but, Yoshinofs conquering is finished. 4 people left!h
The same time Kotori said that, the other Spirits [Oooh] got pumped up.
gUmu, things are not moving as plannedh
gBut, the problem starts here. If we look it from another view, we still have half left. On top of that, Ellen Mathers is here up at the sky. I had the group handle her so we canft expect any more supporth
gUuun, thatfs a problem too but, before even that------g
And, Miku placed one finger on her chin while looking around.
gWell you know, it was a southern country paradise just now but, itfs like a war zone nowcccccchow are we going to make darling go doki in this locationh
What she said was correct. The special facility <Ratatoskr> went through all the trouble just to prepare, was messed up by DEMfs attack. Itfs not even time to make Shidou fall for them since they are in a situation where the walls might collapse anytime soon.
But, Kotori swung her head to tell them not to worry.
gRelax. I prepared something regarding that matter.-----I initiated the second sequence just now so, the preparations should be doneh
gSecondcc.? Whatfs that?h
Tohka asked her dubiously. No, Tohka wasnft the only one. The other Spirits looked like they had no clue.
gWatchh
After Kotori placed her right hand finger into her mouth, she *Piiiiiiiiii*whistled.
In response, the building wall *Gogogo*c..started vibrating.
Everyone, thought the attack from above started again but, they immediately noticed that this was different compared to just now. They looked around relentlessly and were making shocked expressions. Thatfs only natural. Thatfs because, the wall showing the blue sky changed shape,
the exposed metallic roots of the palm trees which gave off a slight southern atmosphere converted, the pool water was flushed out at an amazing rate, and the whole ground was sinking like it was an elevator.
gOocccOoooooh!?h
When the ground moved down a few meters, the ceiling was covered with a big cover like a shelter; the artificial sandy beach split in half and a dark red carpet appeared.
That was not all. With a loud mechanical sound, lights were deployed, tables popped up from the ground, and luxurious ornaments were constructed one after another. Next, extrafs dressed in tuxedos and night dresses scattered about; some played instruments, some started serving tables, and some started flourishing the place with high-social topics.
Without even waiting for a few minutes, they managed to transform the place into a refined party hall.
gWh-what is this!?h
gHoiuuucc..! This is quite luxurious. And this me mecha feelingcccthis is quite exciting!h
gConsent. Transforming equals romanceh
gccc.Uwa, amazing. Itfs done without my ability tooccc..h
Each of the Spirits described their surprise.
But, itfs still not enough. The girlsf swimsuits donft match such a luxurious place at all.
g-----dressing team!h
gYes, on your service!h
After Kotori shouted, several female staffs ran towards the Spirits.
gWh-what are you doing!?h
gCome come, over here if you mayh
The female staffs guided the spirits to the other side of the curtain which was set up at the edge of the hall.
And after a few minutes later.
The Spirits in beautiful dresses appeared in the party hall, at the same time the curtains opened.
gOoh, this!h
gIsccAmazingh
gKyaaa! Everyone looks wonderful!h
Miku twisted her hips around while looking at everyonefs appearance.
Kotori extended her hands and announced loudly.
gBehold, the second sequence to conquer Shidou, the elegant style! Okay everyone; letfs make Shidou fall for us by showing him our elegant conduct!h
Everyone thrust their fist up [Ooooh!] in response. That doesnft fall in the category of lady-like but, whatfs important now is the feeling to save Shidou, not detailed mannerism.
Kotori placed her hands on her hips and puffed her chest out.
gAlright. -----okay then, Ifll show you the example nowh
When Kotori waved her skirt around, everyone nodded.
Origami gave a thumb up to Kotori to send her off.
gGood luckh
gYeah, thanksh
After Kotori walked away while her heels were making knocking sounds on the ground, she then stood in front of Shidou.
gOh, you finally made your appearance huh, Miss Commanderh
Shidou said that while making a smile. Incidentally, Shidou changed into a stylish tuxedo from his swimsuit just like the girls.
Kotori folded her arms and *Fuun* snorted.
gYes. I thought I would make Shidou feel flustered in an unfamiliar party hallh
gOh well wellh
Shidou shrugged his shoulders in jest.
gSo, whatfs Kotori going to do?h
He then said that amusingly. Kotori released her folded arms before raising her right hand over her head *pachin!* and made a good snap with her fingers.
To match with that, the musicians playing their instruments inside the hall, changed the music to something graceful.
The organization members, who were talking happily nearby, naturally formed pairs before starting to dance with the tune. Shidou opened his eyes
wide in surprise when he saw this movie-like scene which was suddenly deployed.
gOoh, now thatfs amazing. It really looks like a partyh
His eyes were glittering innocently when he said that. Kotori sighed tiredly while looking at that Shidou.
gShidouh
gHn, what?h
g-------Donft tell me youfre going to make the girl say it in this situation?h
After saying that with half her eyes opened, Shidou immediately made a small smile as if he found out what Kotori meant.
gAahcctrueh
He then apologized to Kotori while bringing out his hand.
gHey there beautiful. Would you mind a dance?h
gGood boyh
After Kotori answered him with her lips relaxed, she bends her hips and took Shidoufs hands.
They then looked at each other before walking towards the dance area where everyone was.
But, right when both of them reached the middle of the hall, Shidou talked to her.
gWell then Kotori. I have one problem even though we are hereh
gWhath
gOnii-chan has no skills in dancingh
gccccch
Well, thatfs only normal. Although Shidoufs words and actions turned quite play-boyish because of his fever and Reiryoku, therefs no way he could perform something he does not know.
gItfs okay. I already predicted that.------first off, lightly hold my right hand with your left handh
gLike this?h
gYes. Once you are done, wrap our right hand around my hiph
gI get ith
After Shidou nodded honestly, he extended his right hand to Kotorifs hips. However, *poke**poke**poke*ccc..his fingers walked on Kotorifs back when he did that.
gKyaa!?h
gAhaha, thatfs a nice scream there, Kotorih
gccccwhy youh
Kotori glared at Shidou with her cheeks blushed. Shidou made a carefree laughed.
gSorry sorry, donft glare at me like thath
gccc.Seriously. I will lead you so, move according to the tuneh
gAaah, I understandh
Shidou made a small nod and performed steps while feelings Kotorifs movements with the music.
gYes, do it rhythmical. One, two, three, one two, threeh
gOi oi, donft be so pushy. I understand how much you want to stick onto me thoughh
gWh-who is! Forget it, come on, pick up the pace!h
Kotori shouted with her face getting redccccwell, itfs true that she had to stick her body onto Shidoufs body because itfs one of the method to make Shidou go doki but-------it was somewhat embarrassing since he pointed it out like that.
However, being nervous will be a mistake for her. Kotori acted calm and pushed her body further onto him. And while feeling each other breath, they danced around the hall matching with the elegant tune.
Although it was awkward at first, Shidoufs steps were starting to get more daring; maybe because he got familiar with it after a few minutes in.
gYes yes, you learn fast donft youh
gHaha, I guess itfs because my teachers good?h

gYeah, youfre right. Therefs no other thinkable reasonh
gYoufre not very humble huhh
While joking like that, Shidou looked at Kotorifs eyes.
gBut, I am a little surprised. When did you learn to do this?h
gItfs lady etiquette. Boys make astonishing results after 3 daysccc..people say that but, donft you think that goes for females too?h
After saying that, Kotori looked up as to provoke Shidou.
gEven I wonft stay a child forever.-------dilly dally any longer and I will leave you in the dust you know, Onii-chanh
g--------g
Shidou gulped with wide eyes after hearing Kotorifs words.
And after a while, he snorted as if he couldnft handle not laughing.
gHahahacc.i give up. I never would have imagined Kotori would make me go doki with such a methodh
gThose are some nerve pulling wordsccccwait, Shidou, what did you say?h
Kotori unintentionally stopped dancing and asked again. Right now, Shidou said something she could not allow to miss.
And at the same time, a fanfare echoed from the incam after a moment later.
Itfs not like she did not heard it but, after Shidou made a leisure smile, he repeated what he said without trying to play it off.
gAahccc..you got me good. As expected from Kotori, I losth
gccccc!h
Kotori was the one who blushed after hearing Shidoufs words while he looked right at her eyes without looking embarrassed at all. Kotori looked away a little and puffed up her chest to act tough.
gFu-fuunccc..this is normal. Making Shidou fall for me is the same as twisting a babyfs hand to meh
gAah, I never would have imagined Kotori to make such a mature approach. I lost to that gap. When Kotori asked me for a dance, I thought you would make me go doki by exposing the back print of your panties at me after your skirt fully flips up when you make an exaggerated fall during the middle of the danceh
gThatfs just too stupid as expected!? Rather, I donft wear panties with back prints anymore!?h
gI know. itfs a joke, a jokeh
Kotori said that while laughing. Kotori [ccSeriously] sighed.
gccccAnyway, you going doki, means I cleared the condition right?h
gYeah, of course.------I look forwards to midnight, my Cinderellah
After saying that, Shidou kissed the back of Kotorifs hand. Kotori turned shocked after that sudden action.
gWhacc..Whaccc.!?h
gHn? Isnft your face red. Hey adult Kotori-san, I thought you wonft get bewildered from something like this?h
g-------Th-thatfs so obvious! This is just a greeting, a greeting!h
After Kotori showed off to make herself look tough, Shidou distorted his lips amusingly.
gYou got that right. Now that I think about it, we kissed twice if we count 5 years ago and this yearfs June. You wonft get panicked from something this small after all that huhh
gO-of course. Wec..done it twice alreadyh
Even while saying that, Kotori felt her face turning really hot. Twice. Yes. Kotori and Shidou kissed twice before. Of course, Kotori remembers it clearly but now that she is conscious about this reality again, her heart started to beat regardless of her own will.
After Shidou smiled as if he saw through Kotorifs heartbeat, he brought his lips closer to Kotorifs ears and whispered to her.
gKotori will not stay a kid forever socc..letfs make it an adult kiss for the third timeh
gHeh?h
Kotorifs voice overturned when she heard the words he said with his breath tingling her ears.
gA-adultcckisshcc?h
Her gears stopped turning after being so shocked. ----Kiss. An adult kiss. No, she knows that word in the end. She knows the knowledge on what it was pointed to. But, the kiss she performed 5 years ago and of course half a year ago, was in the end just their lips touching so somewhere inside Kotorifs heart, she does not mind what if the kiss she had to give to Shidou by
midnight was different from usual. -----But, eh, hefs joking, what the heck is that. Adult, seriously no way. No, I am not against it but I am just not mentally prepared, how do I put this-----
g-----Hamuh
Right when Kotorifs head overheated, Shidoufs lips suddenly chomped on Kotorifs ears.
gUhyaaaa!?h
She jumped up at the sudden act. Shidou *ahaha* laughed maybe because he saw her do that.
gI guess, itfs still too early for you huh Kotori?h
gGu-guuccc.h
Kotori glared at Shidou angrily but somewhat in a relieved manner.
Part 3
gKotori-san! Youfve done it!h
After Miku welcomed her energetically, Kotori, who has still not recovered from her blushing cheeks, replied back and slightly raised her hand.
gcc..Yeah, somehowh
gUmu, youfre amazing Kotori!h
gIt wasc.a beautiful danceh
gHnnccThank youh
Kotori slightly nodded to all the Spirits who spoke. But,
gItfs unfair that Kotori is the only one getting the adult kissh
The moment Origami said that with her quiet voice, Kotorifs face boiled up as if she recalled back the exchange she had with Shidou just now.
gLi-like I said! Thatfs only Shidou saying what he wantsccc!h
gOkay okay, please calm down. More importantly, can I be next?h
Miku placed her hands on Kotorifs shoulder to calm her down (Incidentally, she was breathing wildly at her neck and was patting Kotorifs butt) and said that before, Kotori [Hiii] gasped while her eyes popped out.
gccc..Y-yes, of course I donft mindh
gThank you very much. Therefore, I have something I want to try out so can I order these?h
After Miku placed her hands beside her mouth as if to have a secret conversation, Kotori brought her ears closer to her while being oddly cautious. While talking with a soft voice, she explained the contents to her.
gccc..and thatfs the gist of ith
gI see, I understand. I will get onto it so give a signal when the times come for ith
gOkay! Thank you very muchh
After Miku said that energetically she *fuuu* blew into Kotories ears.
gAhyaaaa!?h
gUfufu, well then everyone, I will be going nowh
gWh-why youcc!h
Kotori shouted loudly while pressing her ear. Miku placed her hands on her mouth gracefully and made a big bow, she then winked back before walking towards Shidou.
g-----Heeyy, thank you for picking me, darling. It is your Mikuh
Once Miku reached Shidou, she waved her skirt by turning around before taking a pose while literally bouncing her breast. Well, itfs not like she was specifically picked but, this is just for the atmosphere.
gOh, itfs Miku next huh. haha, that looks good on youh
gThank you very much. Ufufu, darling you look wonderful. But, donft you think you will look good in a night dress like mine? Can you still use Natsumi-sanfs power again? How about matching with me after turning into Shiori-san!h
gAah, I think I can still do it. But, should I really transform? If Shiori wears that, I think Miku will get a nosebleed fountain right?h
Shidou talked to her in a forced manner. Miku twisted her body in reflex.
gHeck. Yeah! Even If I am close to death from blood lose, I will not regret anything if the last moment I see was Shiori-san in a daring night dress! One with a lot of back exposure!h
After Miku made that passionate speech while her eyes were glowing, Shidou pat her head to calm Miku down.
gHaha, thatfs an honor. But, I will be murdered by your friends if we lose the amazing idol from something like that. No----before that, if Miku really died from something like that, I might have no choice to follow you while cryingh
gDarlingcc.! You thought so far for meccc!h
Miku covered her mouth while her eyes turned moist after hearing Shidoufs words.
gccc.this happens every time but, what are you doing Miku?h
Right when Miku was deep in her emotions, she could hear a voice coming from the incam on her right ear. Miku turned away from Shidou before replying back with a soft voice.
gWhat should I do Kotori-san? To me, being buried together with darling is totally okay with me but, I want darling to have a proper fulfilled life. But, I donft know if my blood capillaries can handle the impact from Shiori-sanccc..h
gLike I said, what are you talking about!? I told you we are running out of time!h
Kotori screeched loudly. Miku scratched her cheeks.
gHah, oh yeah. Sorry Kotori-san. Itfs just that, I somehow got all worked up after talking to a sweet version of darlingh
gSeriouslyccc..get a hold of yourself. Are you really okay?h
gYes, leave it to me. Okay, itfs time I get this goingh
After Miku said that with a soft voice, she made a smile while looking back at Shidou.
gSo with that done, darling. We finally got some time together but since we are rushing, I will be making you fall for me nowh
gHeee? Thatfs quite some confidence you have there. What are you going to do?h
Shidou said that amusingly. After Mikue opened her mouth while turning around, she let out her loud voice.
g----Okay everyone, I am counting on you all!h
Responding to Mikufs order, the musicians with their instruments, females in glamourous outfits who were all standing by at the corner of the hall all appeared on the stage and a glowing silver stand mike was placed on the middle of the stage.
After Miku confirmed all that, she went up the stage while her heels were making knocking sound, before standing in front of the mike.
Instantly, the lights in the hall dim down and a spot light was set on Miku. To match with that, the gallery in the hall all *Waaa* lived up, and clapped their hands.
Miku waited until the applause ended before looking behind and send a signal to the musicians there.
The musicians then made small nods and started playing jazz.
Miku moved her body according to the musicfs rhythm and with the stand mike in her hands-----she started singing with a sweet voice.
g-------------------------g
Itfs a tune with her traits. Itfs an English song. This song is totally different from the songs Miku sing as an idol.
However, the feelings put into it was no different.------itfs a very very sweet and lovely song.
Yes. The moment Miku told Shidou that she was going to make him fall for her, there was only one method for this.
After Miku took the mike off the stand, she strides about the stage with a captivating walk style; she then walked over to a female who was dancing according to the tune and while stroking the femalefs chin, she looked towards Shidou provocatively.
And to match with that, a spot light hit Shidou. Shidou opened his eyes wide in surprise.
gFufuuh
After Miku smiled charmingly, she got off the stage in tune with the band and walked towards Shidou. The spot light pouring onto Miku and the back dancers moved accordingly with her.
And once Miku reached Shidou, she took his hands and leaded him around. Shidou looked a little surprise but, he left his body to Mikufs hands.
The place they are heading, was a grand sofa prepared from who knows where. Itfs as if that corner was the only spot with the air of a bar.
After Miku made Shidou sat there, she gently sat on his thighs and while performing a princess carry, she continued singing the song.
g----------------, ----------g Her sweet breath was mixed into the tune while she stroke Shidoufs cheeks, and poked his nose with her finger. Shidou *haha* made a wry smile.
Adding on, beautiful female back dancers appeared behind and beside the cautious Shidou. When this is viewed from the sidelines, it looks like a prodigal prince of somewhere, indulging himself in his luxury.
Nonetheless, the one most intoxicated in this situation was definitely Miku. While singing on her beloved Shidoufs lap, shefs being surrounded by beautiful women. This situation was so dreamy for her so much that itfs not surprising if she wakes up on her bed an instantly later.
g--------------g
Miku sang in a tune sexier than before------
While pointing at Shidou lastly, [Bam] she made a gesture as if she shot through his heart.
gDarling-----I love youh
After saying that, she winked at him.
gcccc..!h
At the same time Shidou opened his eyes wide-------the fanfare echoed in Mikufs right ear.
gUfufu, looks you went doki huh, Darlingh
gAahcccccapparently so. Itfs quite frustrating that I was dropped in a front approachh
Shidou said that with a wry smile. Miku smiled while touching Shidoufs lips with her finer.
gThat is not true. -----did you forget? I am an onee-san older than darling by 1 year you know? I think its fine to get bullied once in a whileh
After Miku said that, Shidou raised his hands to show that he lost while making a small smile.
Part 4
gcccccc.Haah
In a place a little further away from Shidou and Miku, the Spirits who were all looking at the event all regained their composure a beat later.
gThatc..was kind of amazingh
gU-umucccch
gccc.oh yeah, Miku was a singer. I thought she was a monster that would kidnap girls who stayed up late at nighth
gNatsumi-sanccccch
Yoshino made a wry smile after hearing Natsumifs words. Kotori coughed to change the topic.
gWell, this result in 6 people clears with this. Only 2 left. Next off------g
g--------Ifll goh
Origami raised her hands before Kotori could finish her sentence. Kotori then made a somewhat worried face for some reason.
gOrigami huhccc.un, I donft have rejections but, please be very careful okay? The [Doki] Shidou mentioned is pointing towards the actions, words and cute gestures of a female so, itfs different from suddenly stripping down and attacking him okay?h
gI knowh
gAlso, the kiss will still be done midnight in the end okay? it will be a problem if Shidou runs away so donft try to steal his lips forcefully okay?h
gItfs okayh
gJust because kissing is not an option, donft do anything higher level than a kiss okay?h
gccccccch
gWhy the silence there!?h
gLight jokeh
gccuuunnnh
Origami turned the hem of her dress and walked over to Shidou after ignoring Kotori who was still making a difficult face.
Half-way through, she passed by Miku, who looked reluctant to leave Shidou.
gOh my?h
After Miku looked over to Origami, gGood luckh she wished Origami by winking and waving her hand to her.
gccccch
The moment they pass by, *Pan*she hit Mikufs hand as if to receive a baton. Maybe Miku was happy because of that; she [Kyaaaa!] twisted her body on the spot.
After Origami walked forward while hearing that voice behind her, she reached Shidou who was siting leisurely on the sofa.
g------Shidouh
gAah, itfs Origami. Heee, this is the first time seeing you like thath
Once Origami talked to him, Shidou in his tuxedo replied back while smiling. This is a little wonderful. Shidou gives off a strong neuter image but, he looks a little more adult than usual because of the formal outfit. It gives off an elegant and gentle feel. Itfs like a bewitching wolf who tricks pure girls.
Origami half-consciously crawled her right hand on her legs. A small digital camera was placed inside the leg holder equipped on her right leg. Of course, itfs already powered. With Origamifs skill, she is able to make a save data of Shidou within an instant.
However.
gccc..uh?h
Origami frowned her eyebrows. The right hand extending towards her legs was suddenly stopped.
Instantly, she thought it was the work of Kotori who followed her, or a <Ratatoskr> member but----shefs wrong. The hand that grabbed Origamifs right wrist was none other than Origamifs own left hand.
Yes. Itfs as if it was trying to stop Origamifs actions.
gThis iscccch
She made a dubious face at this weird development. But, she immediately understood the reason. A thought that donft approve Origami actions appeared inside her and was disturbing Origami.
How should this be put into words; it feels like an angel and evil was debating inside her head.
Naturally itfs not visible but, the image of a small angel with Origami face flapping her wings appeared in front of Origami, deployed inside her mind.
(Shidoufs tuxedo appearance is valuable. I must take a photo no matter what happens)
In response; a devil with Origamifs face (Her hair is long for some reason) appeared.
(N-no you canft. Everyonefs hard work will be lost if he feel disgusted here!)
(Itfs okay. Shidou is kind. He wonft get disgusted from something this small)
(That might be true but, thatfs not what I meantcc..!)
Itfs not like she did not feel that the roles of the angel and devil was reversed for some reason but, anyways, both Origamis was causing a fierce war inside her head.
Maybe Shidou noticed Origami in such a state; he titled his head in wonder.
gOrigami? What are you doing?h
gccc..Nothingh
She lost the opportunity. After Origami relaxed her hands, she made a small sigh.
Her right hand reached to the camera once more right when her left hand relaxed. It was stopped again. As expected, if the opponent is herself, itfs impossible to look for a chance.
gOrigamiccccc?h
gItfs okay. Therefs no problemh
After replying to Shidou who asked her again, Origami moved to Shidoufs side.
gCan I sit?h
gAah, of courseh
After saying that, Shidou urged her to his side. Origami sat down in a very ladylike manner. And while looking at Shidou, she showed a gesture of holding a glass.
gSince we are here, want a shot?h
gAhh, that sounds goodh
Shidou nodded to Origamifs suggestion and raised his hands. The <Ratatoskr> member disguised as a waiter quickly walked over and bowed down respectfully.
gSorry for the waith
gI want a toast but, is there something we can drink here? ----Origami, want to make a request?h
gDom Perignonh
After Origami said that without changing her expression, Kotorifs voice echoed from the incam in her right ear.
gcccc..hey wait, thatfs wine!........seriously, change it to chanmeryh
Chanmery is a non-alcohol carbonated drink similar to champagne. Her words probably reached the waiterfs Incam too. After Kotori made that order in a tired manner, [Understood] the waiter said that before leaving.
Immediately after, the waiter came back with the chanberry and wine glass on a silver tray.
gHere you goh
The waiter said that after pouring chanberry in the glass which was lined up on the table. The liquid poured in the glass with a splash gave off a mysterious glow because of the glow poured down by the chandelier.
gOkay, Origamih
Shidou extended his hands to the glass.
gWait Shidou, whatfs that?h
But, Origami pointed forward as if to interrupt him.
gHn? Where?h
gThat. A little higherh
While saying that, Origami put her right hand into her pocket. She then took out the small powder medicine pack she snuck in before trying to pour its content into Shidoufs glass with eye blinding speed.
However, at that moment, the angel and demon appeared inside Origamifs head like just now. Her left hand pinched the edge of the powder medicine pack top stop her right hand.
(Let go. This is a good chance. An adult kiss might be possible if he drinks it)
(Calm down! Kotori-chan just told you not to go for the kiss right!?)
(Of course, I remember. I donft plan on looking away from those words)
(Then----)
(It should be safe if Shidoufs the one who wants it)
(What kind of medicine is thisssssssssssss!?)
Together with the devilfs scream, her left handfs resistance got stronger. The thin pack holding the medicine ripped apart because of the strong force from both side, causing the white powder to scatter about.
gKuh-----g
gSo, whatfs wrong, Origami? I donft see anything in particular?h
gcccccmy mistakeh
After Origami said that while grinding her teeth, Shidou made a wondering face and looked over to Origami.
gRare events do happen sometimes I guessccc..well whatever. Anyway, letfs toasth
gcccc.h
After Origami nodded, she took the glass together with Shidou.
gToasth
gToasth
They made the glass kissed each other, and that resulted in a beautiful clank.
Once Origami placed the edge of the glass to her mouth, she drank a sip of chanmery. The comfortable feel of carbonated air stimulated her throat.
Toasting with Shidou, and drinking it. That action itself can make children drinks become very sweet quickly.
Nonetheless, she canft deny the fact her plan was messed up badly. Originally, Shidou will turn into a full moon werewolf without even waiting for a few minutes after drinking this and would be lust for Origamifs body butcccc.i cwant do hwelp it if I fwailed8. Anyway, nwext9ccc.
gcccccc.h
A weird feeling attacked Origami causing her view to sway, and that made her lean against Shidou.
gHn, whatfs wrong Origamih
gcc.i thinkccI amcc.dwunk10h
gOi oi, from chanmery?h
Shidou made a wry smile. Itfs true that Origami drank a non-alcohol drink. Therefs no way she would get drunk. Unless something weird is mixed in------
gccccccc..h
At that moment, Origami recalled something. She recalled swinging the secret medicine around, right before the toast. Perhaps at that time, a small amount of the medicine entered Origamifs glass. 8 I canft help it if I failed. 9 Next. 10 Drunk.
---This is bad. This is very bad. Even though I have to make Shidou fall for me; if I am in this state thenccc
gccc..Itsuka-kuuunccc..h
Within her hazy consciousness, Origami heard her voice come out from her own mouth.
gHn? Whatfs up, Origami, thatfs suddenh
gIn the first placecc.Itfs also your fault Itsuka-kun for being yourselfccc.why are you so cool? This justccc.gives me no choice but to want to take a photo of youcc.h
gOrigami? What are you sayingccc.?h
Shidou said that with a dubious tone but, Origami could not help it at all anymore. She continued firing her words like a broken dam.
gcccc.whenever I think of Itsuka-kun, it just feels fluffy inside of meccc.but it feels a little painful at the same time------what is this calledcc..h
Origami continued on while snuggling against Shidou.
gItsuka-kun cccI lovecc..i really love you. I love you so muchcccccthat I am helpless against ith
gccOrigami----g
Shidou called Origamifs name in a meek voice.
---She thought she heard the fanfare in her right ear at the same time but, the current Origami has no idea what that meant at all.

Part 5
The transporter from DEM industries which departed from Neryl Island, was maintaining a high altitude while steadily flying.
Although they fell into emergency state after being attacked by a spirit during the departure from the island, there werenft any problems after that. If this goes on, they will probably reach the designated place according to the planned time.
When the pilot Knox was thinking that, there was a sudden response from the communicator.
g-----this is control room. DF0806, please respondh
gYes, this is DF0806h
gPlease change in the flight route. Make a detour from E139h
gChange in flight route?h
While saying that, Knox and his co-pilot Burton looked at each other.
gDid something happen?h
gTherefs a battle between executive chief Mathers and an enemy presumed to be a Wizard from <Ratatoskr> in the initial route. This is only a safety precaution but, we canft allow any mistakesh
Knox made a dubious face after hearing the contact from the control room.
gBattle? In a place like this?h
gYes. I will repeat againh
Knox asked the reason why a battle occurred at that spot but, the control room did not reply and urged him. The person in contact was not a flexible one.
gUnderstood. DF0806 will change the planned flight route; heading to designated spot with a detour at point E139h
After Knox answered, the control room [Over and out] said that before cutting the communication.
gccccc..and, youfve heard it. We are changing pathh
gUnderstoodccccc..but even so, this is quite cautious. Even though itfs a battle between Wizards, therefs no way it would happen in such a high altitude. As expected, our cargo is a special one huhh
Burton shrug his shoulders while saying that.
Itfs not like Knox could not understand that but he quietly swung his head.
gThat might be the biggest reasonccccbut that is not all. You heard him. The one fighting is Mathers. A shooting war between normal wizards is one thing, but that Onee-chan coming out is a whole different story. We might get skewered by a lance from below if we fly nicelyh
gN-no way manccc.h
---and. The moment Burton said that while sweating profusely.
Crazy values were shown in the cockpitfs meter, and the alarm was ringing.
Next off, as if something is tracking them, the transporter was shaking vigorously.
g! Whatccis thish
gN-no way, is it missed shots from executive chief Mathersccc.!?h
gIdiot, therefs no way it would reach this far! Before thatccthis is not a Wizard. Itfs Reiha readings!h
gWhacc..!?h
Burtonfs face turned pale after hearing Knoxfs words.
It was only natural. This transporter was just attacked by a Spirit some time before.
gDoes this mean that <Nightmare> caught upccc!?h
gNoccc..this is a different reading than before. And thisccc.!?h
Knox gasped before turning behind.
Of course, therefs only the seat Knox is leaning against, and the cockpit wall.
But, what lies behind there is the cargo; inside there, [Material A] with several layers of seal placed should be there.
At that moment, Burton noticed something. The vibration just now was not an impact from outside, and itfs something coming from inside the craft.
gImpossible-----!? Thi-this is a joke!? [Material A] should be in complete hibernationcc..!h
gThat should be the case. But thisccccc.h
After saying that, Knox noticed a weird value shown on the meters.
There were 2 Reiha readings there.
1, was this transporter. Another one------is the point they were ordered by the control room to detour at. And both of them were giving off a reading as if they were resonating.
Part 6
gccc.Alright!h
Kotori, who was looking at Shidou and Origami from afar, made a guts pose after seeing the results of the event.
gI was worried there for a bit but, I guess this is what you call fortunate error. Unlike her usual extreme approaches; by showing her affections to him directly, a good gap was formed I guessh
While giving an explanation, Kotori folded her arms and nodded. Incidentally, Origami immediately regained and continued approaching Shidou as if nothing happened so, Kotori ordered a organization member to make her leave.
gThis makes it 7 of us. But we canft lower our guard. We must do it as fast as possible------g
And, Kotori stopped her words there.
---She probably noticed this. That, Tohka who was together with Kotori looking at Shidoufs, was making a somewhat complexed face.
gTohka? Whatfs wrong?h
gccccc!h
Tohka twitched her shoulders when Kotori called out to her.
gMuccNo, how should I put thiscccwhen I heard Origami said she loved Shidou, this part here feels kind of tightccccch
While saying that, she pressed her chest.
gI know saving Shidou is top priority. Therefs not time to worry about something like this. Butccc.h
Tohka messed her hair up because she was feeling troubled.
gI understandccccbut donft understand. Why would I feel this way? Even though I have to hurry up and save Shidou now, these hindering thoughts wonft leave my headh
gTohkacccch
After Kotori exhaled, she patted on Tohkafs head.
gcccc..Sorry. Please bear with it now. But, those feelings arenft hindering thoughts. Itfs extremely proper----valuable and precioush
gReally?h
gYes. And most likely, we will have such feelings sooner or later. Thatfs why-----I want to save Shidouh
gMuuuccc.i wonder about thath
She feels like she gets it and donft get it at the same time. But, Tohka nodded.
She oddly feels satisfied with it after hearing that the feeling of wanting to save Shidou is connected to [That].
Maybe she felt relieved after seeing Tohka; Kotori [Alright] tapped on Tohkafs back.
gOkay, youfre last, Tohka. Are you ready?h
gcccumu! Leave it to me!h
After Tohka answered energetically, she started jogging over to the sofa Shidou was sitting on.
But, since shefs wearing a dress and shoe she is not used to, her legfs tangled up half-way causing her to have a great fall.
gUguh!h
gTohk!? Are you okay!?h
gMuccNo problem!h
After Tohka answered that while waving her hands, she stood up while rubbing her face which took a hit with a thud before starting to walk in a calmer pace.
However, Tohka did not head straight to Shidou and took a small detour.
It was the long table lined against the wall of the hall. Over there was a mountain sized feast that even looking at it looks fun.
gOoocccthis is amazing!h
And apparently, all these food can be eaten as much as she wants. After Tohkafs eyes glittered, she prepared 2 of the biggest plate and started to place any food that looks delicious on it in a non-reserved manner.
Kotorifs voice echoed through the Incam at that moment.
gHey Tohka, what are you doing? Itfs okay to eat but, Shidou is more importantccc..h
gUmu, I know. Itfs okayh
After Tohka replied back, she took the 2 mountain filled plates and walked to Shidou.
She then built 2 mountains on the table in front of the sofa.
gOo Tohka----wait, this is amazing.
Shidou opened his eyes wide after witnessing that. Tohka [Umu!] puffed her chest.
gShidou, you did not eat since morning right? I thought you would be hungry. So-----g
Right when she reached there in her sentence, Tohkafs stomach *Gyuuu*cccgrumbled.
gMucccc..h
Her cheeks blushed unintentionally, after hearing her stomach grumble at precise timing.
Maybe because he heard that; Shidou made a surprised face before------starting to laugh unbearably.
gFuc..haha, ahahahahah
gMu-muucc..youfre wrong. Itfs true that I am hungry but, thatfs not everythingccch
gFu, fufufuccno, I get it. Thanks, Tohkah
Shidou said that while wiping the teardrop squeezed out of his eyes. He then *pon* pointed to the seat beside him.
gI am as hungry as you too. So letfs eat. They food is already ready after allh
gcccumu!h
After Tohka made a big nod, she sat beside Shidou.
gOkay then, letfs dig inh
gUmu, letfs-----Ah, stop right there Shidou!h
gHn? Whatfs up Tohka?h
Shidou tilted his head after hearing Tohka suddenly shout.
After Tohka took her fork, she poked the roast beef and brought it to Shidou.
gOkay Shidou, [Ahhn]h
gOi oi, thatfs full marks for service. ------well, I guess Ifll accept ith
After saying that, Shidou opened his mouth wide and chomped down at the roast beef Tohka presented to him.
gHowfs it! Is it delicious!?h
gHncc.yeah, itfs delicious. Naturally the food itself is tasty and by having Tohka feeding it to me makes its tastiness increase a hundred foldh
gMu, Re-really? Itfs kind of embarrassingh
While making an embarrassed smile, Tohka poked a dish once more with her fork. But at that moment, Shidou stopped Tohka.
gWait a second. Itfs my turn now. Here, Ahhnh
After Shidou said that, he presented her a roast beef just like what Tohka did just now.
gOooh! Ifll be taking it then. Ahhnccc..h
After Tohka said that, she closed her eyes waiting for Shidoufs fork, and opened her mouth widely.
---but.
gMucc..?h
Tohka brought her eyebrows suspiciously. Food was not brought to Tohkafs mouth even after a few seconds-----and instead, she could hear *clank* something falling on the table.
Next, Kotorifs panicked voice could be heard from the Incam worn on her right ears.
gTohka! Open your eyes!h
gMucc..?h
She opened her eyes after being told.
Tohka gasped at the same time she did that.
Shidou who was there a few seconds ago, was no longer there.
But, Tohka immediately noticed it. Shidou did not disappear and was crouching down around her feet while pressing his chest.
gShi-Shidou! Are you okay! Whatfs going on!?h
gGu------aaa-aAaaAAAAaaAAAAhhhhh!h
It happened the moment Tohka called Shidou in a panicked manner. Right after she thought Shidou shouted painfully, his body started glowing----and caused a strong impact wave.
gKuhccc..!?h
She was easily blown away because she could not brace herself from the sudden turn of events. Tohka rolled behind a few meters before finally stopping after hitting a table.
gTohka! Are you okay!?h
gMuccc..aah, itfs Kotori. I am okay. More importantly, howfs Shidou!h
She lifted her face while rubbing her painful head.
She then confirmed Shidou who was floating while coated in dense Reiryoku. His outfit turned back to his school uniform from the tuxedo. Most likely, itfs because his transformation ability was released.
gShidou!h
Even though she shouted-----there was no reply. Itfs not like was asleep but, he was emotionless, and his blank gaze was looking at the empty sky.
gKotori, what is happening to Shidou!h
gI donft knowccc! There was supposed to be some time left to the time limit!h
After Kotori and Tohka replied to each other with shouts, a change occurred to the Shidou floating in front of them.
The mass of Reiryoku lurking around Shidou increased in brightness before, that light covered the whole facility.
gShidou--------g
Faster than Tohka was able to finish her sentence.
---The beam released by Shidou, pierced through the ceiling of the party hall.
Chapter 5: Spirit's Dance
Part 1
In the sky, a flash of light came from the clash of two swords.
Ellen was wielding the high output laser knife <Caledvwlch>. In confrontation, Mana had equipped her <Vanagandr> with the sword <Wolftail>.
No matter from what angle, Ellen drew the image of her territory in order to catch the release of the attack. A barrier appeared before the collision of the sword. Repeatedly clashing in close proximity, Ellen used the opening from Manafs last attack to counterattack. Mana quickly evaded and counters Ellen's attack before she could release her next one.
However, <Caledvwlch> was a sword entirely made of magic. Structurally, it was class apart from <Wolftail>, which was a real sword coated with magic. A greater structure yielded a greater maximum output value.
However, Ellenfs sword has a greater consumption rate of magic, whereas Mana has the advantage of prolonged use. However, no one in the world could match Ellen in terms of magical power output. Mana couldnft rely purely on strength alone; to compensate she needs to use her techniques. Not giving Ellen any time for a respite, she continued her high-speed attack.
But the opponent is the strongest wizard. She wasnft an opponent Mana could easily defeat. Ellen correctly predicted Manafs attack and gave a counterattack that finally broke Manafs defensive shield. In fact, even now there is still no wound on Ellenfs body.
However, Manafs purpose was not to defeat Ellen, their fight was to buy enough time for Kotori to save Shidou. It would be wrong to launch a desperate attack to wound Ellen. Her utmost priority is to extend the duration of the fight.
If this continues, it should be enough to win the desired amount of time. No matter how long, as long as they were able to successfully rescue Nii-
But at that moment.
Down below, the <Ratatoskr> facility suddenly started to shine, emitting a pillar of light towards the sky. A violent shockwave pushed her back.
gccWha!?h
She could not help but stare at the scene. Her attention taken away, her defenses momentarily faltered, leaving her completely exposed.
This kind of moment is enough to make a fatal blow to an opponent.
gYoufre full of openings.h
gKu??h
Shocked, but it didnft completely eliminate the power of her defense. However, just like a smash volleyball her body fell down towards the ground.
gWaaahcc!h
She quickly used her Territory as a buffer to absorb the impact. The ground became distorted like there is an invisible sphere pushed onto it.
gKucyou've done it now.cBut what was that earlier?h
While the fight wasnft over, she briefly toured around the pillar of light. Then, Mana gasped. Shidou was floating, surrounded by the light of Reiryoku.
gNii-sama!?h
Hearing her voice, Shidou slowly turned his eyes to Mana.
His consciousness is hazy, his eyes blurry, he looked like he was drugged by something.
Then, his lips parted something to Mana.
"Ah ? Mana. I'm glad. So you were fine."

Shidou whispered with a gentle voice.
"......Nii-sama?"
After listening to Shidoufs words, Mana knitted her eyebrow; something was off with what he just said.
On the surface it sounds like Shidou is worrying about her body. That is understandable, since at this very moment, Mana is still fighting with Ellen and got a serious blow from her just earlier.
However ? for some reason, Mana thought that Shidou was also trying to say something else.
Shidou, in a state of ecstasy, opened his mouth and continued.
"I wasc worried about you. Ever since you've been kidnapped by those DEM guysc but I'm gladc I'm really gladc"
"......Kidnapped? Nii-sama, what are you saying?"
"Mio ......Didnft that person help you out?h
"What are you talking about, Nii-sa ?" Before she could finish, she felt a sharp pain on her head. She pushed her forehead with her hand and frowned.
"Ah ......!"
It is very clear that this is not a simple headache. - Mio. The instant Shidou spoke that name, a scene she never seen before came flashing in her head.
"TcThis isc"
The scenes in her head were changing like a camera shutter. She saw the park where she played with her friend, a teacher teaching in a class, her birthday where Shidou celebrated with her.
And then ? the back of a girl with long hair.
"Ah ......"
The moment that girl came to mind, her vision began to flicker.
For some reason, Mana couldn't remember the girl's face. She knew she know her, but ?
And that was when something interrupted her thoughts. Mana heard Ellen's voice from above her, "? Lost in your thought in front of me? You underestimated me a bit too much." Ellen followed her words by preparing for an attack.
"! ...... Oh -"
At that moment, Ellen has landed towards her side, and raised her <Caledfwlch>.
But it was too late; Mana was in a state of panic.
"......!"
However, she has not been burned by a laser knife.
Before <Caledfwlch>, could hit her, Shidou resorted to using the spiritual power surrounding him to block the magic powered sword.
"Oh ......?"
Ellen issued a surprised voice, while staring irritably at Shidou.
"? Itsuka Shidou. Don't you look so wonderful right now. Even though I don't know what happened, I can see why Ike wants you that much." Ellen said, while her lips gave a fearless smile.
But in contrast, Shidou could only make a grim look.
"D - E, M ......"
Growling like a wild animal, his breathing became more and more disorderly.
"- Wuwa ah, ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah!"
At that moment, the spiritual power that curled around Shidou increased its intensity and blew away both Ellen and Mana who were nearby. "......!"
"What!?"
Mana deployed a territorial field to absorb the impact. Stopping mid-air, she raised her voice and shouted.
"Nii-sama! What is this! And what was that earlier ? who is Mio-san!?"
But Shidou did not answer. Even though they werenft far apart, Shidou couldn't hear any of Manafs words. He kept growling like a beast and continued releasing an enormous amount of spiritual power.
"......"
Anyone could see from a glance that Shidou is behaving irrationally, but if possible, Mana would have wanted to ask him more.
However, her current opponent is the worldfs most powerful wizard. She could not allow herself for even the slightest negligence. Mana grinded her teeth and averted her eyes away from Shidou.
Part 2
"Cough ...... cough ......, Is everybody okay!?"
In the party hall now destroyed by the light of Spirit Power, Kotori raise up her voice asking if everyone is okay, while coughing from a cloud of dust.
Then, from the side came a familiar voice.
"Woo ...... What happened ......?"
Tohka got up from the ground to look around. At the same time Kotori was also raising her head.
Shidoues earlier attack suddenly opened a large hole in the celling and wall. However, it looks like the spirits and <Ratatoskr> staffs were all safe.
"...... W-what was that". Kotori then heard an unexpected voice.
gKotori-san!"
The voice came outside from the crowd; Kotori could not help but stare.
"The voice, is that ......!?"
Yes, the voice came from Shidoufs real sister, Takamiya Mana.
More than that, beside her was a DEMfs magician. Ellen was also wearing her CR-Unit, and slowly raised her knife.
"Mana! What are you doing ......!"
Ellen quickly departed from the line of sight. In response, to Kotori, Mana expand her <Wolf's Tail> on her right hand and raised up her voice.
"I'll tell you the details later! For nowc I'm leaving Nii-sama to you!"
The two flew into the sky, Ellen issued a slash. Magical light scattered like sparks from the collision.
So, she was the countermeasure that Reine meant. Kotori said as she scratched the back of her hair.
"That girl really ...... she disappeared without even tell me her contact information......!"
However, it really was good that she was keeping Ellen busy. Kotori would really like to complete Manafs request of saving Shidou.
- But.
"Ah ......"
Seeing Shidou's appearance, Kotori unintentionally let out a trembling voice.
This is neither the usual gentle Shidou, nor is it the previous playboy Shidou.
The gthingh standing there releasing the colored light could not have been called a human.
Standing at the center, the dense spiritual force around Shidou was swirling on and off like a heartbeat. Kotori felt a slight shock from this phenomenon. The air, ground, and space were all shaking in response to Shidoufs power.
No, more than that. Part of the spiritual power was forming the shape of a metal fragment. It was like a spirit that was wearing her astral dress.
Then, after seeing what Shidou looked like.
Kotori heard an ominous siren from her headset.
"Ah -"
This was a different alarm from the one that detects a spacequake or a spiritfs abnormal mental status.
Kotori has only heard that alarm once before that.
And that was when they told her to remember it during testing, saying it would be the best if she never hears it again.
"...... Of all the lies people give -"
Kotori was able to feel her fingers trembling slightly. She feels like there is a crack in her very existence. Her heart started beating fast. Breathing became difficult. Her view started distorting. Kotori feel like it's difficult for her to just standing still.
Kotori's consciousness was disrupted by the sound of the alarm of the demise for few moments.
"----------------!"
On the issue of humanity, she could not believe the roar Shidou gave. Like an electrical discharge phenomena, the spiritual power crackling, illuminating the surroundings.
"......!"
Shidou bent his legs, stepping on the ground for take-off. The height between the ground and underground facility meant nothing to him. Shidou mowed down the trees in his way and started moving to somewhere.
"Kotori-san! Are you okay! We should follow Darling!"
"............"
Kotori raised up her face at Miku's words. Kotori tried opening her mouth, but no words are coming out. Kotori can't say it because saying it would means she decided to do perform the absolutely worst instruction.
However, in Kotorifs thoughtsc For this country.
For this world.
For humanity.
And most importantly for Shidou himself.
It is the mission of <Ratatoskr>'s commander ? the responsibility of the one who has been saved by Shidou five years ago.
Kotori open her mouth, tried to keep the shake in her voice to minimum.
"...... Everyone .?Standby here Ifll try and do something."
After listening to Kotorifs words, the spirits where very surprised to hear what she said.
"Standby? Let us do something together."
"Agreement. This is unlike Kotori."
The Spirits looked at her with a surprised expression. Kotori isnft surprised at their reaction. Kotori would be the same if someone said this to her, but they don't know the circumstances. However Kotori can't have their company.
Taking a deep breath, Kotori tried very hard to maintain a constant volume.
"? As I said, it is for me to do something with Shidou. Just leave it to me. <Ratatoskr> already prepared something for a case like this." The Spirits nodded to her while still feeling a little uneasy. Kotori answered to them and walked up the stairs to the ground. Shidou is still moving while mowing down any tree in his way. If he continues, no doubt he would reach the town.
Then, she took out a small device from her dress pocket.
-It was something Kotori was determined never to use, the key of destruction
"......" Kotori reached out to the device with a trembling finger.
She scanned her fingerprint, then scanned her retina, input the password and placed her finger on the button. The button activates <Dainslaif>; the satellite weapon that is always aiming at Shidou.
"...... I'm sorry, Onii-chan."
Kotori softly muttered to herself
"Please forgive mec who can't find another ending."
But - at that moment.
She felt an intention to kill from her left side; Kotori was left in a sense of disarray. Then along with a click, her temple felt an icy touch.
Kotori immediately realized. ? She is being pointed at gunpoint. "......!"
Kotori moved her eyes to that direction. Over there, Origami who should still be in the underground facility with the other spirits. With dangerous eyes and her 9mm gun, Origami open her mouth with a cold and calm voice.
"What is that thing in your hand? What are you going to do to Shidou? Itsuka Kotori, you ?"
But, Origami stopped before she was finished. Then, with little insight, Origami twitched her eyebrows in surprise.
The reason was Kotorifs face
- Her crying and distraught face.
"cExplain. What does this mean?"
Origami frowned and continued.
For an intelligent mind like Origami, it is would be impossible to easily fool her. But if she were to continue, Origami would certainly impede her. Kotori completely lost hope and opened her mouth.
"...... To Kill, Shidou"
After listening to the Kotorifs Origami gave an even more sinister look.
"What do you mean is this an order from <Ratatoskr> ?"
"cYou're only half correct."
Kotori said self-deprecatingly.
"cShidou right now is a time bomb. The spiritual power within him is rapidly expanding. If we leave him like this, it would be an explosion even larger than the South Kanto incident." "......"
Origami borne her teeth.
"c. And that's why you're killing him?"
"cYes. That's the final job of me who has 'failed'. If Shidou is killed before he is at his limits, then we can keep the explosion to minimal. It's a choice between seeing ten millions of people die, or seeing only Shidou die. If
someone tells me to choose, I'll choose the latter. ? Because even Shidou, probably don't want to see such many people die because of him."
"............"
Origami fingers trembled gently. Kotori turned her eyes back to Shidou.
"If I press this button, <Dainslaif> on the satellite orbit will released its Magic Power cannon."
"<Dainsleif> ......?"
"...... It was created after a detailed investigation of Shidoufs body, the curse sword made specially to kill him."
- That is <Dainslaif>. Kotori doesnft know a worse way to use Realizer. Even if Shidou has Kotori's regeneration power, he can't regenerate himself if every single bit of his body is destroyed.
"...... You're kidding. That is <Ratatoskr> practice?"
A killer look appeared in Origamifs eyes, she continued.
"cDon't mess around. Is this the <Ratatoskr>'s way of doing things? Kill him once he can no longer keep the Spirit Power that is sealed within him? Before that, the one who made Shidou seal Spirits' Spirit Power was <Ratatoskr>. They used him for their own purpose, and once he become inconvenient to them, they're going to get rid of him? Even though you thought of Shidou that much, why did you agreed to ?"
"? No!"
As if to cut-off Origami, Kotori said something with her trembling throat.
"Even though Shidou's power miraculously matched with <Ratatoskr> objective ? but at the least Chairman Woodman was concerned about what may happen to him. He said nothing good will come out of sealing Spirit's power in human body. He suggested us to find another way to do it. Butc it was already too late. The moment Shidou was found out by <Ratatoskr>, he already sealed one Spirit within him." "Could it be that ......"
"Yes ? that was me."
Kotori said with a shaking voice.
It is a contradiction that can't be avoided since <Ratatoskr> found out about Shidou's power from when he sealed Kotori's powers.
"There was a possibly of Shidou becoming like this since five years ago. But even if you returned the Spirit Power to the Spirit, the Path won't be
disappearedc five years ago; I put a time bomb into Shidou without knowing.
"cBut won't letting him seal even more Spirits only increase the risk of him come to his limit?"
"cThere's no other way. cThere is only one way to stabilize Shidou."
"What is that?"
"? To have Shidou extract all the Spirit Powers he has and release it outside his body as a Sephira crystal."
"c! That is ?"
Sephira crystal, the mysterious crystal that <Phantom> had, the jewel crystal contained the spiritual power that turned Origami into a spirit.
"You're right. But could it possibly be donec"
"...... Yes, we canft do it even if we take back 100% of our spiritual power. I let <Ratatoskr> analyze over me several times. To extract a Sephira that has been united at the particle level, it requires a lot of Spirit Power to do it. To put it simply ? we have to seal all the Spirits within Shidou just to do that."
"......"
Origami opened her eyes in amazement.
From her reaction she could see that she had a great deal of suspicion towards <Ratatoskr>.
It isnft hard to understand. In fact, Kotori doesnft entirely trust <Ratatoskr> either.
"But - everything is too late."
There is no extra time to continue talking. Kotori took a deep breath, and prepared to inject the button with her finger.
However, at that time.
"Kotori! Origami!"
Kotori heard Tohkafs voice from behind. Turning around, she saw that all the other spirits were there as well. They followed her up to the ground just like Origami.
gWe came outside to follow you! All this happened, why didnft you come and discuss it with us!?"
Kotori surprised at how Tohka knew the situation. Kotori then realized that she still had her headset equipped. Anyone with a headset could tune into
their channel to talk with each other. That means everyone also heard the conversation with Origami earlier.
Kotori was certainly aware of this feature of the headset, but in front of a dangerous situation, she did not consider it because it was an emergency.
"...... I'm sorry, but itfs all over -."
"It is not over yet!"
Tohka shouted at Kotori.
gI don't know the details! But if you think the situation right now is desperate, that is because Kotori thinks shefs alone!"
"............!"
Kotori heard Tohkafs words.
She felt as if her heart had been tightly squeezed.
"Everyc onec"
The spirits all nodded at Kotori.
"Giving up is so unlike Kotori-san!"
"Yesc let's save Shidou-sanc"
"............"
Kotori's finger that is placed on the button is shaking. The memory of when they gave her this terminal came to her mind.
Back then, Kotori was very scared of it. Even though it's just in case of emergency, Kotori couldn't sleep at the fact she had a way to kill Shidou in her hands.
Ah, ah, but.
However, Kotori is now different from her past self. The determination, experience, and more than anything ? her comrades who share the same idea as her.
Then there's no way she can't come up with another conclusion.
Kotori let the key fall out of her hands.
Part 3
"Why, ah, why donft you attack, Commander Itsuka!?h
From the darkened room came a cry of impatience.
An irritated voice echoed in the gloomy room. Out of all five people in the room, only two people are actually here. Eliot Woodman and the other is Karen Mathers. The others are holograms of <Ratatoskr>'s executive members who are participating from all over the world.
"Attack! Attack, Commander Itsuka! "
"............"
Clayton, an older man who is reminiscent of a roaring Bulldog.
Although his behavior very consistent with his usual actions the opening round table...... But today Clayton has a reason to be angry. This is because the screen at the center of the round table of <Ratatoskr> had predicted the worst case scenario
The boy's Spirit Power level is still rapidly rising. If this continues, it might result in a disaster like 30 years ago again. Even though the other two don't say anything, they also make a similar expression.
"Sir. Woodmanh
Of the two people, one was wearing a monocle, reminiscent of the rat man. Frazer Douglas spoke as he swiped the sweat from his forehead.
"This will really go on to create a massive spacequake. Why did you give the <Dainsleif> emission rights only to Commander Itsuka? "
The person who exudes the appearance of a cartoon cat agreed with the rat man. He is the last person on the round table: Gillian Almsted
"That ah. Even then, shefs just a junior high school student. The person in question is her brother; do you really think she can make the right judgment? "
"............"
Woodman mumbled in his head that if he gave them the permission, they would have pulled the trigger without any delay.
<Ratatoskr> is the organization set up to save the spirits. However, only the Woodman centric fractions implement this idea at heart. The others more or less only participate for their own kind of benefit.
Prioritizing their own interests, Woodman does not deny this as he thought it was a normal thought process for a human.
Once the risk become higher than the return, they're ready to cut down their ties with the Spirits
Therefore, Woodman gave the <Dainsleif> emission to Kotori, the only trustworthy candidate.
Even if it means forcing Kotori to accept a mission that meant possibly attacking her favorite brother.
"Gentlemen calm down."
Woodman said to the round table.
"Indeed what is happening now may be that we can expect the worst case. However, this does not mean that it's all a foregone conclusion."
After listening to the words of Woodman, Clayton became very angry
"All this time you're still talking about! In the end, how are you going to change this situation! "
"Who knows? But as long as Commander Itsuka does not give up, I also will not give up."
Woodman's eyes became sharp; the other three have made a very dissatisfied expression.
However, the possibility of Shidoufs recovery existed only in Woodmanfs self-awareness. What is the problem if you insist - that he does not think this "possibility" that exists deserves to be told in front of this trio.
All he could do now is buy enough time for Kotori.
"Ah ...... I know. I say this somewhat reluctantly. Then so be it. From now, for every one minute that passes, I will give you one percent of Asgard Electronicsf shares."
"What ......!h
The three people were surprised to hear the Woodman's words.
That is, of course. In addition to being the only outside agency outside of DEM to manufacture the Realizer, Asgard Electronics, is <Ratatoskr> core technology source, and also Woodman's lifeline. For these three individuals, the deal was too good to be true.
But these three men did not answer immediately. The conditions proposed are too tempting, so the three of them actually became suspicious.
Woodman smiled. - That's good. The more they worry, the more time he can give to Kotori for her fight.
But the spiritual power value displayed on the screen continued to rise; loud sirens interrupted the pondering trio.
"......! "
Clayton gasped.
"...... There is no other way! Itfs impossible to stop a spiritual force that has gone berserk! Now the only thing we can do is to destroy him as soon as possible! "
Three-dimensional image of the Clayton screamed, pulling out from his arms a small device.
"......! Clayton, that is."
Seeing the device, Woodman gasped.
Clayton was holding out on an item that only Kotori and Woodman had in their holdings: <Dainsleif> startup device.
"Clayton, why do you have that?"
"Therefs an old saying in Japan, gBe prepared and have no regrets."11
"Stop it! Do not do such stupid things!"
Clayton ignored Woodmanfs pleas, and did not hesitate to press the button.
Part 4
"............"
Kotori was rubbing down with the back of her tears and twitching nose.
"......You guys should laugh at me. I said so many great words, but when the real trouble hits this is what I look like now."
Kotori said in self-deprecating tone. But Origami quietly shook her head.
"Did not say such a thing. You still are really great as Shidoufs sister."
"Origami ......"
gThere must still be a way. Do not give up."
As Origami was talking, the spirits all nodded in an attempt to cheer Kotori up.
".We cannot be this dictionary that has no words." 11 Old Japanese proverb that says if you want something, therefs always a way to get it.
"Consent. We will come to help."
"...... I do not know specifically how to do it, but there is always the right way."
But - at this moment.
Kotori was knocked off the ground from the same warning sound from before.
g? <Dainslaif> activation code detected. Commencing attack on the target.h "...... !?"
Kotori could not help but gasped, as she picking up the device. Although convinced that she got it wrong, but the screen shows that <Dainsleif> has been started.
Origamifs face is filled with fear, as she looked towards the activation device.
"Did it activate from the impact of you dropping it?h
"! I donft know what happened; it wasnft designed in a way where you can easily manipulate it! -"
Although she does not know why, but now <Dainsleif> has indeed started. To cancel the launch, Kotori hastily tried to grab the activation device.
But it was too late.
Like a meteor across the night.
Kotorifs field of vision is filled with light.
"Shidou - !!"
Kotori shouted all she could while extending her hand toward Shidou.
But that cannot change a personfs fate. Shidoufs body is engulfed in the light.
The attack hollowed out the ground. The impact had blown away Kotori and others who were standing nearby
? Or so she thought that would happen.
"Huh ......?"
Kotori stiffen her body, and blinked her eyes few times before she raising her face up. The other spirits also did the same.
Kotori widen her eyes. She thought for a second that Shidou used his Spirit Power to block <Dainsleif>es attack, however, that is different.
"What -"
Kotorifs eyes widened in amazement.
For a moment, she thought itfs was Shidou using his surplus of spiritual power to launch a shield, but -.
[-Phew, that really was dangerous]
I do not know when to it appear here, but another spirit appeared near Shidou
No...... Kotori didnft know if she could even call that thing a spirit.
That is because even its gender was disguised, covered by a layer of noise.
"You are -!"
Kotori said with slightly trembling fingers. The others, with varying degrees, had the same reaction as Kotori.
In particular, Miku and Origami have also met that ebeingf first-handed. Miku looked badly shaken up. Origami stares at the noise with a cautious and alert look on her face.
Yes, it was the spirit who could create other spirts.
The one who turned Miku, Kotori, and Origami into spirits by giving the Sephira crystals.
- The being that is called <Phantom> is here now.
"<Phantom> - ?!"
Kotori loudly called out its name.
Even though you can see its shape, you cannot identify what kind of shape it. This strange sense of presence, even though they want to forget, you canft really forget itfs out there. And five years ago, it appeared before a young Kotori in the same form that it has now.
Everything about that being is surrounded by mysteries. No matter how much Kotori investigated, she couldnft not even the slightest clue of fans. Obviously you want to make sure of things and the things you donft know, but with <Phantom> right in front of them, Kotori was left speechless for a few seconds.
It is surrounded by a mosaic, "some objecth that makes it impossible to distinguish quality of the sound.
[......It seems humans also do things recklessly too.]
- <Phantom> jokingly said that and turned herself around. The barrier that covered above Shidou like an umbrella then disappeared.
"...... I donft want to hear that from you-!"
Kotori frowned in response to <Phantom>es words.
Kotori thought that she is an indirect cause that caused Shidou to become like this. Because she turned Kotori into a Spirit five years ago and made Shidou seal her, it caused him to take the risk of going berserk.
In her thoughts, Kotorifs mind could not help but create numerous questions.
Why is <Phantom> now suddenly here right now?
And why did she protect Shidou from <Dainsleif>?
"<Phantom> ...... what are you exactly?"
However <Phantom> does not seem to acknowledge the question, and continued to move towards the direction of Shidou.
[cI see, his condition is pretty dangerous. I could understand your painful determination. ? But if he does not continue to live, then I will be very troubled.]
"You ...... What are you say ......?"
Kotori raised up her voice with confusion. <Phantom> then came down in front of Shidou as if she don't care about the spiritual power whirled around him. [...... Good Boy]
-<Phantom> said with a gentle voice and touch Shidou's forehead.
"--------------------------!"
Shidou sent a shiver that almost made it seem like the sky is screaming. His body is writhing in pain.
"Gaa - ah, ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah!"
"Shic Shidou!?"
"Darling!"
What did you do to Shidou?"
"Agreement. The situation is becoming worse."
-In response to the spirits, <Phantom> breath out a sigh a little.
[? To greet me in such a tone. Even though I just gave you a chance.]
"What did you say ...... !?"
"! Kotori! Look!"
Kotori frowned, judging by her tone, Tohka seemed quite surprised.
Kotori then noticed that the spiritual forces surrounding Shidou has become slightly weakened.
gThis isch
[cFrom now on is your domain. I wish you a good luck. ?Goodbye, my dear children]
"...... !? Say what -"
Kotori raised her voice at <Phantom>'s words. However, <Phantom> did not reply. She turned over and disappeared into the air
"! Hey, wait a minute!"
"Kotori-san...... now with this, Shidou-san, he ......"
Yoshino said in a quiet tone.
Kotori stamped hard with her foot, "......'youfre right," she said in an affirmative nod.
"Although I do not know how it happened, but a gap surrounding Shidoufs spiritual power has opened. In this case, maybe we still have time."
"! Really, Kotori!"
Tohka suddenly stared, while Kotori nodded and went down.
"Yes. ...... But wefre also just a step from the worst case scenario. A step forward, but the desperate situation has not changed. We have to pass through the spiritual power and share a kiss with Shidou, but as of now we - "
"What ah, just a kiss. Is that not so simple?"
"I agree. So, there is no problem."
After finishing, both Kaguya and Yuzuru took each otherfs hand and made a pose.
"Actually...... you donft know how difficult it is to do it ......"
Kotori was still frowning. But Kaguya and Yuzuru loosened their lips and closed their eyes in order to increase their concentration.
And then -
"Ha! - Now, the power of children of the hurricane appears!"
"Confirmation, it appears now.h
Calling out at the same time, both girls were wearing the same strait-jacket dresses.
-They had both had equipped their limited astral dress.
"What ......!"
Kotori held out her breath. The Yamai sisters were using the little remnants of their spiritual power to give a little show of force.
Indeed, using the limited astral dress to so early could be very dangerous. The path is still too narrow. In the worst case, they might die before reaching Shidou.
"...... From Natsumifs example, it probably will only maintain for about five minutes."
Kotori gave a serious expression while she spoke, but the Yamai Sisters merely laughed.
"Kaka did not expect the accident of little time."
"Consent, the Yamai sisters donft have enough time to overdo it."
Nodded slightly to each other, they let the wind wrapped around their bodies and flew into the sky.
- The rest are marching towards the forest, at the direction of where Shidou is.
Part 5
<Wolftail>
And <Caledfwlch>
Their collision in the darkness created a burst of shed sparks.
"Ha!"
"Too naive."
Ellen easily guarded after experience the same attack from Mana several times already, she turned her body to attack Manafs belly.
At that moment Mana attempted to deploy her territory in order to freely escape from behind However, since the reaction had a moment of delay, it did not fully offset the power of the blow. Mana coughed at the pain in her stomach.
gEven though you said youfd stop me that was quite a timid attack. You think you could kill me with something like that?"
"Hmpc kill, kill you said. You don't know other way to win, do you? Even though your Magic Power is the strongest, it seems like your intelligent is still not enough."
"This really is a cheap provocation ah. Do you think I would fall for that?h Ellen responded with a brave face forward. When Wizards are using a Realizer, a slight disturbance can caused the sensitivity of Territory to drop. Ellen couldn't be provoked so easily. Anyhow, with the title of the worldfs strongest wizard, that level of interference should not have any reaction anyway. "Hac I didn't expect you to do so. I donft think anything of you. I always thought you were somewhat dull ever since I was at DEM."
"Don't joke around. There's no way I'd have any faults."
"No, I saw you tripped several times where there's nothing around. Also I saw you take two breaks when you carry the documents from the second floor up to the fourth floor." "!? How do you know that?"
"Anyway, while I have something to say, the Wizards in the second group are not calling you 'Shikkou-buchou' but rather 'Moyashikko-buchou'"12
"......"
A blood vein popped up on Ellen's forehead. Ellen quickly made a swing towards Mana with her <Caledvwlch>. Mana evaded the attack and began laugh at her.
"Oh ~? Didn't you say you can't be provoked?"
"You give me to shut up! What is this unpleasant nickname ah ......!"
Ellen cried out impatiently. When she returned to England, no doubt her subordinates will all get a harsh 'special trainingf.
Incidentally, Mana just thought up that nickname on the stop just now. If Ellen used her head a little, she would have realized that the second groups full of Wizards were all from England. There is no way they would understand a silly Japanese joke. Obviously, they can understand just a little, but ...... it seems to Ellen was too angry to even consider that.
But - at this time
Ellen raised an eyebrow as she listened to her communication device.
"- Ah ...... what you say is" Material A "is.??"
Ellen knitted her brows and clicked her tongue before lowering her <Caledvwlch>, 12 Shikkou-buchou is a Department Manager, Moyashikko is used to call a weak kid who can easily get tired. So Mana is adding 'Moya' in front of Shikkou to make fun of her.
"How lucky you are. ? But remember, you won't have a chance next time."
After saying these words, Ellen manipulated her territory and flew towards the night.
Mana decided not to follow her. After all, her aim is to buy some time. There's also no guarantee that she will win if she followed her.
However, it is true that there is an even more important reason.
The name Shidou said earlier still keeps swirling in her mind.
"cWho is Mio-san ?"
Mana mumbled under the darkness of the night.
Part 6
In front of a gradually expanding forest, the beast surrounded by a dazzling light is moving forward at an incredible speed.
Both Kaguya and Yuzuru witness this scene from the sky.
"Yuzuru are you ready!?"
"Answer. Of course. Ifm not like Kaguya who would miss an opportunity because of fear.
"Well, look what you are saying if you think the child of the hurricane will be afraid of this thing!"
"Negative. Not that I'm worried about that. But, yeah, I would be worried if Kaguya really wants to kiss and hesitates at the last second.h
"What ......! It is impossible ah! That kind of thing is quite easy and simple for me!"
Yuzuru started to exaggerate as she voiced suspicion at how defensive Kaguya got.
gReally? I suspect Kaguya has gotten uncharacteristically good at kissing because shefs been practicing with a cat.h
"I have not done anything like that! Can you not tell lies!?"
"Imitation. Meow ah...... Kaguya is very strange if shefs replacing Shidou with a cat.h
"Why are you imitating me!? Ifve never once said lines like those!h
Kaguya raised her voice, gYuzuru, you donft have to copy me in order to synchronize our attacks.h
They both reduce their height while moving through the trees, surrounding Shidou from both directions.
"...... Yuzuru, now!"
"Answer. Understand"
They each nodded to each other as; they released strong winds from both Shidoufs left and right side. With that much amount of wind pressure, Shidou movements began slowing down.
They both know that they were unable to completely stop him with their limited amount of power. Yes. The battle has only just begun.
"<Raphael> - [El Re'em]!"
Kaguya shouted. A wing grew out of her shoulder, armor covered her arm, and a lance appeared in her hand.
"Ha!"
Kaguya attacked Shidou's barrier made of Spirit Power with her lance. Intense wind coiled up in the surroundings. The barrier that surrounded Shidou broke apart for a short moment.
The little gap could hardly be called a good chance. But with the Yamai sistersf speed, it may be enough.
"Echo <Rapheal > - [El Na'ash]!"
Yuzuru shouted, throwing her pendulum type angel towards Shidou.
However, her purpose was not to unleash an attack. But to use of [El Na'ash] chains to bound Shidoufs hands, sealing his actions.
"Chance. Kaguya!"
"Coming!"
At that moment, the two closed in on Shidou. As his hands and feet were shackled, the two whispered something.
"Shidou - Now, wefve come to save you."
"Debt of gratitude. Just like what Shidou once did for Yuzuru."
Yuzuru and Kaguya said that and move their faces near Shidou and placed their lips onto Shidou's lips
"......! "
At that moment, both Kaguya and Yuzuru feel their bodies are getting hot. Almost like a flow of blood that has been stopped is now flowing again. "This is ...... The path is open?"
"Agreement. Probably. When Yuzuru is still holding Shidou down, everyone please ?"
Before Yuzuru could finished her words, "- Ah ah ah ah!"
Shidou howled as he also broke free from [El Na'ash] inhibitions. Releasing a strong shock wave, Kaguya and Yuzuru were soon blown away from Shidou.
"Wuwa -!"
"Effect. He escaped."
Liberated from the shackles, Shidou once again began frantically moving forward.
Subsequently, the two prepared to catch up again to Shidou. However?
From their eyes, crossed a huge silvery white rabbit.
"Yoshino?!"
Kaguya shouted that name while a spirit riding a bunny moved on forward. In response, Yoshino gently nodded her head.
"- < Zadkiel >!"
With Yoshinofs command, the huge rabbit-type angel opened its mouth, so that the surroundings are then covered by cold air. The moisture in the air began condensing and froze the ground, rocks, trees, and even Shidou's legs.
Because of the ice obstacles, Shidou once again stopped moving. Yoshino then gave the command for < Zadkiel > to forward towards Shidou.
Then she let < Zadkiel > dropped to the ground, she leaned forward and stuck close to Shidoufs face.
"Shidou-san...... please go back to normal."
Yoshino then placed her lips onto Shidou's. She feels that her body is getting hot. Her Astral Dress glowed with a faint light.
Yoshino then called the person who is clinging on her back,
Natsumi-san, please alsoc!"
"Y-Yesc"
Following Yoshinofs urging, Natsumi slowly struck her head out from the back of < Zadkiel >.
Incidentally, Natsumi is the only one who is not wearing her Astral Dress. It's not because she don't want to help Shidou, but she already used up her
Spirit Power in the middle of Shidou's capture. That's why Natsumi can't manifest her Astral Dress. "I did not carefully consider the results before ...... now Ifm causing distress for Yoshino. I want to die."
"What?"
"N-Nothingc I have to help Shidou."
Natsumi responded in nervous voice. When Natsumi tried to lean herself forward from <Zadkiel>, she slipped her hand and fell to the ground on her face.
"Damn!"
"N-Natsumi-san!"
"No, I'm fine, I'm fine ......"
Natsumi pushed her nose while wave her hand to Yoshino. Even though she said fine, her eyes are teary and there is a blood coming out of her nose.
T-Then Shidou, I'm sorry it has to be me. cIt was originally your fault for not handing me the Spirit Power, that's why I'm this in form. Don't sue me because I kissed you while you're out of consciousc I'm going to kiss now, okay? Okay? If you don't want to, then say it."
"Um, Natsumi-san, we don't have timec"
Then, at that moment.
"- Ah!"
Shidou grit his teeth, by pulling out all his strength and he shattered the ice on his legs. Shidou then went to attack Natsumi who is nearby.
But ? Before Shidou's hand could touch Natsumi.
A silver tube emerge next to Shidou, it unleashed a sound track that tightly tied up Shidoufs body.
"Ufufu~ I made it in time~."
At that time, Miku emerged in her astral dress; she had used her angel <Gabriel > to block Shidoufs attack on Natsumi.
"Miku......"
"Are you okay, Natsumi-san? If you want to thank me just give me a kiss~"
"W-who will do that!"
"Um, looks like Shidou-san is trying to move againc"
Natsumi then realized the situation when Yoshino said that. She thought for a second and, after a moment of hesitation, lightly placed her lips onto Shidou's. That's it! It's okay now right! That's counted as kiss, right!?"
"Ah, Natsumi-san, what a waste -h
Following Natsumifs lead, Miku leaded towards Shidoufs face. After exchanging a kiss, Miku let out her tongue and licked Shidou's lips. Yoshino and Natsumi could not help but blush at her actions.
"Ufufuc a kiss with darling, and an indirect kiss with Natsumi-sanc what a good deal~"
"Whatc!? Indirect kiss!? I don'tc"
After saying that, Natsumi noticed something that shook her shoulders.
"Wait, eh? That means I also did indirect kiss with Yoshinoc?"
Natsumi blushed. After seeing her reaction, Yoshino also felt embarrassed.
However, this situation did not last long. Shidou broke the pipe that was restricting his body and continue moving forward, pushing <Zadkiel> out of the way
"Kyac!"
Yoshino manipulated her <Zadkiel> to keep her balance. Miku escaped with Natsumi who had fell face first into the ground once again. "Looks like everyone who went ahead of us already succeed. Let's go too!"
"I know."
Kotori covered herself in flames while Origami covered herself with light. Both rushed into the sky in order to pursue Shidou.
Shidou, who has lost conscious, is simply a monster. It can be said that he is now a walking disaster in human's form.
Yes. He is a 'Spirit' by AST's definition.
However Kotori doesn't feel despair. Or rather, she even feels a strange upsurge of her emotions. Even though the situation is still desperate, the small hope to be able to save Shidou is like a miracle to her. ? Even though she doesnft want to thank <Phantom> for it.
Kotori grunted while looking at Origami.
"Origami, can you do it!?"
gOf course.h
Origami gave a brief reply, as she gilded towards Shidoufs direction.
"- <Metatron >"
As the sounded echoed, a large number of feathers appears before Origamifs head, linking together to form the composition of a crown.
Origami raised his hand at the same time; each wing that formed < Metatron > began breaking apart. The scattered crown released a shining light as she glided past the ground
Of course, Origami didn't want to hurt Shidou, only trying to block his way.
"-!"
Reacting to the assault, Shidou jumps beyond the line of sight and into the sky.
gAh ah ah!"
Then in his hands, he summoned a sword-shaped angel < Sandalphon > which he attempted to use to cut past Origami.
"Origami!"
Kotori called out without thinking. Even if Origami was in her limited astral dress, a direct attack from an angel could be fatal.
However, before < Sandalphon > could land a hit on Origami, her body suddenly disappears in a flash of light. The next moment, she reappears in Shidoufs arms.
"-"
Origami placed her hand on Shidou's cheek and pushed her lips onto his lips.
Shidou immediately showed the same twitch response and gave out a roar while waving his <Sandalphon >.
Origamifs body disappeared again appeared a few meters behind Shidou. Grasping this opportunity, Kotori attempted to close in on Shidou.
"Ah - ah ah ah!"
Aware that Kotori was closing in, Shidou swung his <Sandalphon> , releasing a wave of spiritual energy towards Kotori's direction.
Kotori evaded the attack. Sure enough, Shidou's reaction is gradually changing. Back with the Yamai sisters, he was just a walking disaster. Then he showed a violent reaction towards with Natsumi. And now he is pointing an Angel to fight with his 'enemies'.
His resistance is getting stronger, and although that makes things more difficult, but from another perspective, Shidou is gaining more intelligence- that is, his human perception is gradually being restored.
"- Shidou"
Kotori opens her arms in order to get close to Shidou.
"-!"
Shidou swung down his < Sandalphon >, but Kotori did not avoid the attack. Blood starts to gush out from her wound. "
"Kotori!"
Origami called her name in worry, but Kotori only held out her hand to say that she was fine. Flames then started licking her wound, healing it.
Even though her wound is already healing, that doesn't mean she didnft feel any pain. This pain is her atonement for the fact that she was going to kill Shidou with her own hands.
"Onii-chan"
Kotori was clinging onto Shidou, and then tenderly kissed him.
"...... Ifll be waiting for an Adult kiss next time."
Kotori said with a gentle smile.
"--------!"
Shidou issued a silent roar as he escapes from Kotorifs hands. He began to march once again.
"Only one left"
Kotori places her hands on her wound and issues a groaning sound. The flames had not completely healed her wound. However, she also felt an increasing amount excitement as her feeling of pain faded.
In any case, there only remaining one. And after the last person kisses Shidou, the path will be restored between the Spirts and Shidou will go back to normal.
With hazy eyes, she looks on towards Shidoufs direction.
In Shidoufs direction, there is a beautiful princess in purple Astral Dress waiting for him while holding her golden sword on the ground.
The sound of his voice blew the leaves and as he cut down the trees in his way. The strength of his spiritual power teared through the night like a
triumphant roar. In response, Tohka could feel that every inch of her skin is shaking.
Tohka calmly opened her eyes, while holding < Sandalphon >es hilt straight ahead.
The spiritual power gradually formed a vortex, Shidou is also holding <Sandalphon> in his hand. When he saw Tohka blocking his way, he prepared to swing his <Sandalphon> at her.
gHmm..h
Tohka knocked the attack back perfectly, and ran closer to the approaching Shidou.
As the two < Sandalphon > collided with each other, their collective spiritual power created an explosion of sparks.
Up, and down. The attacks came from every angle, Tohka notices her defenses is starting to waver. The impact from their attacks is released to the surroundings, causing Tohka's feet sink down to the ground.
It was a weird feeling. Tohka never though that Shidou was capable of fighting with her in such a degree.
But the Shidou before her is not really the real Shidou. Tohkafs eyes became sharp as she swung her < Sandalphon > with all her might.
"Ah ah ah ah ah!"
Clang! Accompanied by a loud sound, Shidoufs < Sandalphon > flew from Shidoufs hand and into the sky, slowly dissolving into light particles fluttering in the wind.
Although, Tohka is no match for Shidou in terms of spiritual power, her skills in swordplay made up for the big difference. As Shidou was swinging his < Sandalphon >, Tohka predicted the attack and seized the opportunity. "Shidou, now I'll save you."
Tohka gave a determined nod, as she moved into Shidoufs arms. She held her hand to his chin, close to his lips.
- However, at that moment.
"-! Gaa ah ......!"
Suddenly, she felt a tingling sensation in her chest; Tohka clutched her chest in pain.
"This is ......"
At that instant, both < Sandalphon > and her limited astral dress began to dissipate. It appears she has finally run out of spiritual power.
She felt a strong force pulling her body down. Without her limited astral dress, Tohkafs body is in direct contact with Shidoufs spiritual power.
"Ku?" "----"
Shidou gently waved his hand. But even with only this action, Tohka is blown away striking her back to a tree.
"Ah ......!"
Tohka's back landed hard on a tree, her consciousness became hazy. Her body's bones and muscle are in pain due to the friction.
"Tohka!"
"Tohka-san......!"
She heard Kotori and the otherfs from the sky.
However, before they could use their Angels to help Tohka, she raise up her voice.
"- Wait a minute!"
"c!? What is it, Tohka!"
Kotori replied with a surprised tone. However, Tohka remained calm and continued.
"Pleasec don't help me. I feel this is something I have to do myself."
"......Tohka"
Understanding Tohkafs thoughts, Kotori waved her hand to stop the others.
Tohka thanked Kotori and slowly walked towards Shidoufs direction.
"----!"
Shidou gave a loud resounding roar.
Even if the others have opened the paths, the vast majority of spiritual power is still sealed in Shidoufs body. If Shidou attacked now, she would certainly lose.
"Ah ......"
Tohka ignored the pain and dragged her body forward towards Shidou.
Her vision blurred her consciousness hazy. There wasnft anywhere on her body that wasnft in pain. However, she could waste the last chance that everyone made for her
"Ha ha ...... ......"
The spiritual power surrounding Shidou increased in intensity, as if it was trying to deny Tohka access. Tohka feels like she jumped into a sea of sulfuric acid with her body. The invisible power licked over her body, leaving only a pain that nearly made her lose consciousness.
However, Tohka did not stop her pace. If Tohka gives up here, she would be unable to rescue Shidou. Everything theyfve done so far will have been for naught. She absolutely could not let that happen.
"Shidouc so you always foughtc while feeling this painc?"
Even though Shidou has Kotori's regeneration powers, he is still a human with normal sense of pain. Tohka painfully realized for the first time how Shidou must feel when he encounters with Spirits and Wizards without an Astral Dress
However, Shidou never gave up. No matter how many times he feels pain, no matter how many times he has been beaten down, Shidou always stood up to save Tohka and other Spirits.
Tohka didnft know the reason why Shidou was doing that much to save Spirits. It's unreasonable that Shidou must end his life here.
No -
"............ Ih
Tohka mumbled to herself.
Indeed, Tohka was indebted to Shidoufs kindness. Yes, it was that very kindness that had saved her.
And, it must be a problem if someone as nice as Shidou cannot be saved.
However, Tohka was moving forward not just because of that.
If it were only to repay a debt, Tohka would have collapse a lot time ago.
But inside her, there is a feeling that won't let her give up no matter what the hardships is. "? Ah, I see."
At the end of her painfully road, for the first Tohka finally understands what this feeling is.
Even though she heard about it several times, this is the first time that it has matched up with the feeling inside her
The feeling is "love".
It was a different gloveh than the one she had for Kotori and Yoshino.
Tohka loves Shidou, and because of that feeling- she desperately wants to save him.
"- Shidou"
Tohka calls out his name, using her right hand she grabs Shidoufs necktie.
Then, she pulls Shidou toward herself ? and kissed him.
"----"

The next moment, Tohka feels her body getting hot. The spiritual power surrounding Shidou started to disappear.
After a few seconds, Shidoufs frantic breathing gradually began calming down, his strength started to leave his body.
Once the light came back to Shidoufs eyes, Shidou trembled after realizing that Tohka is kissing him.
"c!? T-Tohka!? What are you doingc!?"
The usual voice and the usual reaction.
The Shidou that Tohka loves is standing right there.
Tohka delicately loosen her lips, and let out a faint voice.
"I won't tell you. Bakac Baka"
After finishing that sentence, Tohka fell unconscious into Shidoufs arms.
Epilogue: gThe Secondh Who Has Been Released
Part 1
The forest that sunk into the darkness of night, is illuminated by the light of the flames.
Here is far from the ordinary city's peaceful forest. No one was coming around, not to mention there is fire. This fire is not likely to have been caused by lightning that strike a drop of dead wood.
However, today's forest fire was different. The dead wood burning is not caused by lightning nor is it by people who left a bonfire???it leaked from the fall of the giant transport aircraftfs fuel.
g???Oh my, oh my.h
The darkness seemed to distort into the form of a human, a young girl crawled out from the ground.
gOriginally, I was planning on ambushing DEM's facilities, I did not expect for it to actually fall in such a place.h
The girl???Kurumi picked up a piece from the scattered wreckage with one hand, and then put the other hand out in front.
Then, the shadow around her feet started to move, flying out a shotgun and reached out to catch Kurumi.
g<Zafkiel>???[YudTenth bullet].h
After Kurumi said that name, the shadow sucked into the gun to become the bullet.
YudTenth bullet, the tenth bullet penetrated the object in order to convey its past memories into the shape of Kurumifs bullets.
Kurumi placed the gun at the direction of herself, and then did not hesitate to pull the trigger. Concentrated shadows emitted through the debris directly hit Kurumifs head.
Normally, such a bullet would have shattered Kurumifs head like the breakdown of aircraftfs debris. However, within Kurumifs mind, she saw the scene of the transport aircraft when it was still flying.
Piercing alarm sounds, the aircraft was shaking like a fetus, [Material A]. The Spirit seemed to be resonating with a great unknown wave response.
Then, a twinkling in the sky; a pillar of light emitted from an unknown distance from the aircraft.
gcccI see. The the direct cause of this is Shidou-san.h
Kurumi could not help but laugh. Although she received reports of Shidoufs strange behavior from her clones, she never thought he would be involved with this.
gThe second Spirit-san found Shidou-san's Spirit Wave from inside the transport and looked for his helpc I guess? But if Shidou-san's power went berserk because of that, he sure must have caused Kotori-san and the others a lot of trouble.h
?Kurumi thought itfs useless to say that to a Spirit thatfs locked inside a container. Whatever the outcome is, there's no use picking faults with someone looking for help.
gEither way??I did not expect, Shidou-san to be of so much help.h
Kurumi dives into the shadow, and then walked toward the rear conveyor in a loud pace.
In expectation for the arrival of the transport aircraft, she had placed her clones at any major DEM facility where she thought the aircraft might arrive. Even if the plane hadnft crashed, she would still have the Second Spirit without exception, but it would have cost her numerous clones.
Kurumi was lucky to be able to achieve this goal without that sacrifice.
Her aim was not only [Material A]. It was also to get the information about the First Spirit from her in order to defeat it. The more manpower she could reserve, the better.
g?Well then, Spirit-san? Please let me see your face.h
Kurumi said while peeking into the container that dropped out of the transportation plane.
However?
gHuh?h
Kurumi could not help but widen her eyes.
Over there, it is an empty container that has been bursted open from the inside.
Part 2
?The <Ratatoskr>'s round table was in a heavy discord.
But this is hardly surprising. One person, Clayton, had launched <Dainsleif> beyond his authority, and in order to prevent it, even the mysterious Spirit <Phantom> had emerged.
g<Phantom>ccc?! What does this means! Why did that Spirit appeared there!h
gNo, we were really lucky. Whatever the reason is, we didnft lose the Reiryoku wefve been collecting. Clayton, you were too hasty!h
gWhat are you saying! If I didn't start the attack, the situation would not have improved.h
gHowever, you didnft have that privilege to fire it. This is a serious violation.h
gWell, more important than that is <Phantom>. Can you think of ways to catch it? That being was able to turn humans into Spirits. If we had that powerch
Woodman irritatedly hit the table.
gShut up, bratsh
"ccc! "
Woodman spoke in a cold voice, the three executives held their breath.
gI did not tell you to follow my lead, but at least you should comply with the agreement. If you want to violate the agreement, then I also have my intentions.h
gccch
Glaring at the nervous trio, Woodman continued.
gDisposal aside, you will be notified of Clayton punishment later.h
gAt the disposal ofccc? You say you want me punished?! I'm doing this only for <Ratatoskr> sakeccc!h
gItfs true Sir Woodman. He did temper some impatience, but hech
gI said shut it Almsted. You really think I wouldnft notice? In your mind do you think Ifm so foolish?h
gcccch
After listening to the words of Woodman, Almsted fell completely silent.
Woodman thought that someone as simple as Clayton can't prepare everything by himself alone. The key to <Dainsleif> was probably created by Almsted and passed to Clayton. It's expectable from Almsted who doesnft like getting his hand dirty. Clayton likely didn't even notice Almsted's involvement.
gI'm calling an end to today's meeting. Everyone, remember to be cautious with your footsteps.h
After much talking, sitting on a wheelchair, Woodman let Karen pushed him away from the meeting room.
Part 3
gNnccch
With a soft moan, Shidou opened his eyes.
This is not his own room, but similar to the infirmary at school. After a few seconds, Shidou finally perceive himself to be in the <Ratatoskr>fs facility.
gOh, you woke up?h
After hearing the sound, Shidou looked, and found Kotori.
After seeing the way the Kotori was, Shidou tried to recall what happened.
gI see, after that Iccch
After Tohka and Shidou lost consciousness, Kotori took them to <Ratatoskr>fs underground facilities in order to receive a thorough examination.
gUhccch
But before that, his memory is very hazy, he canft remember how. He canft remember----those words were not very accurate. Clearly, he remember what they have done, but if he want to carefully recall that incident more clearly, he canft remember anything. Itfs like as if trying to recall a dream last night; the results are different from what had actually happened.
gDonft force yourself. The path has settled down, but your current state is no different from recovering from an illness.h
gAhcccWhere are the others?h
After hearing Shidoufs question, Kotori gave a sigh and replied.
gWaiting in another room. I told them to get a good rest, but they said that they will wait for you to wake up. And??h
Saying that, Kotori pointed towards the bed at the right of Shidou. Chasing her finger with his line of sight, he noticed. There, with bandages and compresses wrapped all over her body, is a painful figure of Tohka who is currently sleeping.
gTohkaccch
gI had allowed her to sleep here since she can't sleep if she wasn't looking at Shidou's condition. When she wakes up, remembers to thank her. We were only able to save you because of Tohkafs perseverance. Moving through a whirlpool of Reiryoku is not something anyone can do.h [Well, some idiot also did something similar once], Kotori added. Shidou had no choice but to smile.
At the same time, some of his vague memories had suddenly become clear.
Shidou thought about it, at that time Tohka was, regardless of the danger tried to save him.
gccThank you, Tohkah
Shidou lean his body from the bed and, stroked Tohkafs head. Feeling a tickle, Tohka squirmed a little, making a soft *Tsu* *Tsu* sound before smoothing out her breathing.
Seeing Tohka sleeping, Shidou couldnft help but smile. Then he returned his gaze towards Kotori.
gKotori tooccThank you very much. You also have done a lot of work for my sake, right?h
gccTh, that ish
Kotori started to stutter over Shidoufs words and---before long, while grasping the hem of her skirt, large particle of tears began to shed.
gKo, Kotori? Just what had happened?h
gccI'm, sorry,cccI??h
Kotori continued the words of apology haltingly.
She knew the risk of Shidou going berserk but she remained silent. The fact that <Ratatoskr> has a weapon prepared for killing Shidou just in case. And---the fact that the person who is in charge of the ignition key was Kotori herself.
gI'm sorryccthat I keep quiet the whole time. Itfs all started when you sealed my Reiryoku, just let your body turned into something like thatccI'm sorry.h
gccch
Shidou who had been listening to Kotori's words quietly, breathed out a sigh.
gDon't cry, Kotori.h
gBut, I put Onii-chancch
gWell, being watched all day isnft really goodccbut there was no other way. Taking into account the situation in case of me going berserk, then it makes sense to prepare a countermeasure in advance.??If so many people died because of me, then I would never be able to forgive myself.h
gOnii-chanccch
And, Shidou continues.
gEven everything is returned to that of five years ago right now, I would still seal your ReiryokucccHaving said that, might make you say I do not included myself to the list of lives to save??but this is now my nature. I can't do anything with it. For me, it's more painful to see you broke down in tears than it.h
gcch
gSo, please stop crying, Kotori. I just managed to flee from the gates of hell, the results of waking up to see you crying is too hard to endure.h
gcch
Kotori wiped tears from her eyes with her sleeve and smiled with her eyes and nose still in red.
As if responding to that, Shidou also make a smile.
gSee, you're cuter that way. My sister is world's best.h
gccIdioth
Kotori mumbled shyly, and then turned her back towards Shidou and opened the door.
gIfll call the others. They must all be worried about you.h
gAa, Ifm counting on you.h
After Shidou finished, Kotori nodded and left the room. But before Kotori step out the doorc
gccThank you, Onii-chan.h
Leaving these words, she shut the door.
After watching her leave, Shidou tried to stretch his stiff body. However, he can't raise up his arms because of the muscle pains.
gAh it hurtscch
And, as if to respond to that voice, Tohka who slept on the bed beside Shidou let out a voice and *Goshi* *Goshi* rubbed her eyes.
gNnccUucch
gOu, Tohka. Good morning.h
gcc,cc! Shidou!h
Tohkafs vision was not very clear, but after seeing Shidoufs figure, she immediately opened her eyes and sat up.
gUgucch
Perhaps because the physical pain did not subside, Tohka could not help but groan in pain.
gHey, donft force yourself.h
gNoccI'm okay. More importantly, is Shidoufs body okay?h
gThanks to you, Ifm fine. Thank you, I really did give you guys a lot of trouble huh.h
After Shidou finished, Tohka shook her head in response.
gDon't worry. I've been saved by your a lot more. It would be weird for Shidou who always tried your best to not be saved. Besidesch
gBesides?h
He tilted his head in inquiry. Then Tohka's cheek was dyed in red.
gNoccthe last one, is a secret.h
gWhat's with that, I'm curious. Just tell me now.h
gNo. A secret is a secret after all???More importantly, Shidouh
Tohka then looked around restlessly and, her eyes fell on the basket with apples on top of the shelves. She take it with her hands, and skillfully started to peel the apple.
Then she took one of the apple slices and comes toward Shidou.
gHere Shidou, say [An~??].h
gEh? What is it out of suddenh
After Shidou questioned that, Tohka continued on with a serious look.
gAt that time, didnft Shidou said to make you fall in love? But, I was the only person who didnft make Shidou fall in love yet.h
gHeh? Really?h
gYes. So here, An~??.h
gAh, An~??h
Overwhelmed by Tohkafs momentum, Shidou had obediently opened his mouth to let Tohka fed him the apple.
gIs it delicious!?h
gNnccyes, itfs delicious.h
gDid you get heart-thumped!?h
gAhccI did get heart-thumped.h
gI see!h
When Shidou said that, Tohka smiled happily. Seeing Tohka's innocent smile, Shidou really felt his heart rate accelerating. Then, as if she doesn't notice his state, Tohka made a serious looks and stared into Shidou's eyes.
gSpeaking of which, Shidou. I want to make sure of one thing.h
gNn, what is it?h
gccI heard from Kotori that you are required to kiss in order to seal the ReiryokuccAs I expected, youfve kissed everyone until now?h
gBuucc!h
Having said that, Shidou unconsciously made a cough.
Come to think of it, after sealing Yoshinofs Reiryoku, Tohka said, gDonft kiss with anyone other than meh.
In order to stabilize Tohkafs mental state, he had to agree to promise Tohkaccbut it seems after this incident Tohka finally knew.
gccThat, Tohka, about thatch
gNo, it's alright. Rather, Ifm sorry for giving you an inconsiderate demand. It was self-contradictory to tell you to rescue other Spirits while prohibiting you from using the method.h
However, Tohka continued.
gBut even so, isn't it better to say that on the spot? I have always thought until now, that there are other ways to seal Spirits outside of a kiss.h
gThatccI'm sorry, you're indeed right.h
When Shidou lowered his head, Tohka shook her head again.
gDon't apologize. I forgive you. In exchange for that?h
gEh?h
Shidou widen his eyes. Tohka was, while frowning in pain, slowly came out of the bed and then climbed onto Shidoufs bed.
gEr, Tohka?h
gI don't have any complains. But, itfs true that Shidou broke our promise. So??.h
Yoshino, Kotori, Kaguya, Yuzuru, Miku, Natsumi, Origami, Tohka counted with each finger as she said the Spirits' name.
Then, while her cheeks was blushing, she said in a small voice.
gccA total of seven people. Thatfs the number of times you kept it secret from me. Ifll forgive you if you kiss me seven times.h
gHacc? H-Hey, wait, Tohka!?h
gNo questions. Orccyou donft want to kiss me?h
gNo, itfs not like that, but soon??h
gIn that case therefs no problem! Sit still, Ifll be done fast.h
gW-Wait??h
Before Shidou could finish, Tohka, without any explanation, joined her lips and Shidou's together. Shidou felt a pleasure like his brain is burning up by the soft feeling and the faint fragrance of sweat.
gNncc, chucch
gcc!cc?!h
However, at that moment.
gSorry to keep you waiting, Shidou. I've brought everyone over??h
Opening the door to see inside, Kotori became dumbfounded at the scene.
Tohka widen her eyes in surprise and separate her lips away from his. Shidou's lips got pulled with her lips a little before it bounced back. Their lips are connected to each other with a glittering thread made of saliva.
With that scene, the Spirits and Mana rushed into the room.
gW-wait, what were you doing in this of short timespan, Shidou!?h
gU-umccboth of you are still recoveringccyou should not toocch
gKa, KakaccTohka sure takes the cake.h
gPointing out. Kaguya seems frustrated.h
gKyaa! Eh? I didn't see it properly, so could you do it again! Again please!h
gUwaccto wake up and do such a thing, how grosscch
gcAs expected, I can't be off guard.h
gNii-sama! What are you doing!?h
Saying that, everyone came to surround Shidoufs bed.
gH-hey, everyone please calm down. This iscch
Shidou was thinking of how to defend himself.
But, an excuse that can easily gloss over this situation doesn't come to mind.
gMuucch
Then, whether Tohka also thought the same thing, since itfs came to this, Tohka *giyuu* hugged Shidou. All the Spirits [Ah!] raised up their voices.
gHahacch
In response to the loud noise, Shidou couldnft help but give a wry smile while stroking Tohkafs head.
Afterword
Long time no see, itfs Tachibana Koushi. I present [Date A Live 12 Itsuka Disaster]. How was it? I will be glad if you liked it.
With that said, this is the 12th volume. The shocking part is that Shidou is on the cover. I thought it would nice if it happened someday but, the time has finally come. Rather, I brought out more than 20 books since my debut and this might be the first time a male is on the front cover I think.
Compared to long ago, main characters decorating the front cover has been increasing but, itfs still a rare thing to happen. Somehow, Shidou got cooler. Since therefs that [Disaster] there, itfs making it feel even more emphasized. I will definitely be agonizing over it on my bed after recalling it a few years later.
And, the customary page of every volume right after opening the cover shows [That] as the illustration. Those who have yet to read, please hurry up to the text. For those who still donft get it, it might be a good idea to read page 131 on Volume 1. It was a long foreshadowing. It was a foreshadow which has been fulfilled.13
Well then, although the story is on a cold and windy December, the bookfs release day is on the opposite June. It looks like this summer will be a hot one so, I would always look out for notices.
First off, the new series [Itsuka Sekai wo Sukuu tame ni- Qualidea Code] will be released on 18th of July next month! The illustrator is shockingly, Haimuraki Yokataka-san! Please check it out.
Itfs a world on the verge of danger because of the Invasion of grotesque enemies. In order to protect the country from the enemy, the males and females of the defense city continued fighting day and nightcccccwas supposed to be but, the protectors donft care about the worldfs survival, and were devoting their whole time admiring a single girl; thatfs the story. Whatfs more, therefs only perverts in the first place. I think its fine to say that they are a bunch of Origamifs clones. I might be the author but, whatfs up with that. 13 The image he mentions is the one with a half-undressed version of whichever character is on the main cover of that volume. (Volume 12's was originally skipped when uploading the images for this volume; that's been fixed now.) Page 131 is the last 13 lines of Volume 1 Chapter 2 (and if you still don't get it, re-read the last part of this volume's chapter 3).
Adding on, it has been set that the [Dragon Magazine September issue] that will be released on the same day will present an extra [Date A Live Compile BOOK] which is the compiled related information of [Date] that was inside [Dragon Magazine] until now! I think the unedited versions of Tsunako-sanfs illustrations will be included too so itfs a definite must have. Incidentally, a sample magazine was sent to me but, since I want one for preservation, I will be buying one more from my own pocket.
And on the 30th of July, the PSVita exclusive [Date A Live Twin Edition Rio reincarnation] will be released! This is the compilation of [Rinne Utopia] and [Arusu Install] which were both sold as PS3 exclusive last time and this is a luxurious version with further added episodes!
On the 31st of July, the Blue ray box of the anime season 1 will be released! Itfs a director cut version which contains included scenes that was not shown on the television so, I think you are able to enjoy the difference compared to the broadcasted one.
And for the big surprise on August 22nd! [Date A Live Movie Mayuri Judgement] will be in theaters in the whole country!
Actually, I was there during the dubbing. I was there for the game compilation too but, it has been 1 year since I went to the anime dubbing so, it was so touching.
The staff and cast worked hard on this so please enjoy!
Well then, this time too, I was able to bring out this book thanks to the many supports.
Starting with the Illustrator Tsunako-san, my supervisor, designer, people in the editorial department, the people in the book stores, and the readers who bought this book, I appreciate this greatly from the depths of my heart.
Next off, I hope we will meet again in [Date A Live 13] or maybe in the new series [Itsuka Sekai wo Sukuu tame ni- Qualidea Code].
Ah, there might be a new series but, I still plan on continuing [Date A Live] so please rest assured.
Well then, I will to meet you soon.
May 2015 Tachibana Koushi
Disclaimer
Under no circumstances would you be allowed to take
this work for commercial activities or for personal gain.
Baka-Tsuki does not and will not condone any activities
of such, including but not limited to rent, sell, print,
auction.
Credits
Story : Tachibana Koushi
Illustrator : Tsunako
Translator : Rozenbach
PDF compiled by: Kiri