Skip to main content
Search
SIGN IN
ABOUT
 
CONTACT
 
BLOG
 
PROJECTS
 
HELP
 
DONATE 
 
JOBS
 
VOLUNTEER
 
PEOPLE
Full text of "NOVEL: Date a Live"
See other formats
Refrain KURUMI 


SpiritNo.3 ^ 

AstralDress-NightmareType Weapon-ClockTyoe [Zafkiel] 


The author 

Koushi Tachibana 




1 DATE 



























Date A Live - Volume 16 - Kurumi Refrain 


Contents 


Illustrations 

Prologue - Ally of Justice 
Chapter 1 - Nightmare's Temptation 
Chapter 2 - Tide of Battle 
Chapter 3 - A Maiden's Time 
Chapter 4 - The Recent Sin 
Chapter 5 - Samsara of Salvation 
Afterword 
Credits 




DATE 


Refrain KURUMI 
SpiritNo.3 

AstralDress-NightmareType Weapon-ClockType [Zafkiel] 


The author 

Koushi Tachibana 


LIVE 






























DATE ALIVE Retrain 



4 










5 
























<*rU'4Q^SzbH§l©c^?£tt'- J 



6 





* * 

JB - * 

m - * »jK®tr£ 
se = * z.£®B#ro 
3« ra a as®P* 
MEM *K;*®ttiS 

*>4*'# . 


339 


CONTENTS 


004 

012 

063 

122 

197 

280 


7 














8 











9 




PROLOGUE - ALLY OF JUSTICE 


Prologue - Ally of Justice 


Tokisaki Kurumi was a kind-hearted young girl, and those who knew her praised 
her of being so as well. Born to a wealthy family, she was a silver-spoon Ojou- 
sama that was raised within the palms of doting parents. She had never been 
forced to contend with restrictions in liberty or any sort of discontent in her 
childhood; and so, seventeen years of her life ticked by just like that. 

Neither hating nor hated by others, an exceedingly peaceful and steady life. 

Within these halcyon days of pure bliss, it appeared that everyone regarded her 
lifestyle as just that, and she seemed to believe so herself too. 

However, to say that she was entirely free of chagrin would be absolutely false. 

-A bleary sense of helplessness. 

Perhaps it originated from the unhampered amount of freedom she inherited 
ever since birth, or maybe it was simply due to her innate nature being such, but 
notions like these frequently entrenched themselves in Kurumi's heart. 

Catching a glimpse of the encompassing world, many people could be seen facing 
a multitude of difficulties and hardships. 

Some met their deaths as they were drawn into warfare, while others were 
already afflicted with terminal diseases before they could even breathe their first 
breath. Few possessed nothing but the rags on their backs, much less any morsels 
of food to fill their bellies - there were people treated with immensely jarring 
disparities. In this world, it was the cold-blooded winds that unmercifully billowed 
against the emaciated limbs of the weak. 

She observed through television, newspapers, magazines-and even with her 

very eyes. 

As Kurumi bore witness to those sufferings, a bitter feeling of helplessness 
plagued her heart. 


Perhaps this was something that everyone underwent. Yet even though they 
were fully aware of the inexorable lack of emotion in this world, people had 
succumbed to that reality, disregarding the world's misfortune instead, which 


10 




PROLOGUE - ALLY OF JUSTICE 


they themselves were incapable of touching. 

But Kurumi's heart, no matter how much time had elapsed, still preserved this 
matter. 

Perhaps there is something I can do. 

I want to lend a hand to those in need. 

This innocent sense of righteousness was, on the bright side, pure and, on the 
other hand, naive. 

This sentiment, which had taken root in her heart, was left unnoticed by 
everybody. 

Possibly, it was precisely due to her personality that it happened. 

-On that day. 

That day had been an average one like any other. 

Approximately 5 o'clock in the afternoon, Kurumi trod along the path home 
together with her friend, commanding a view of the setting orange sun while 
chatting idly. 

"-About that, Sawa-san." 

"Un?" 

Being called out by Kurumi, her classmate Yamauchi Sawa tilted her head slightly 
with a blink of her eyes. She was a plain young girl with maroon colored hair tied 
together into three braids. 

"Do you have any plans for tomorrow? If you're free, I'd like to pay a visit to your 
house." 

"Okay. That'll be fine.Ah, could it be that you wanted to pet Chestnut again?" 

Sawa said with a light giggle. Chestnut was the name of a cat Sawa had bought 
home and raised. It was a cute American shorthair cat that was brazen and would 
even act playful with strangers it had met for the first time. 

"l-lt isn't like that. I... just wanted to study together with you." 

"Hehe, sure you do. Please come without fail.-But since Kurumi-san is really 


11 






PROLOGUE - ALLY OF JUSTICE 


fond of cats, why don't you keep one yourself?" 

Sawa's utterances caused Kurumi to furrow her brows. 

".My mother's allergic to cats." 

"I see. Then you'll have to wait for your next life to raise one." 

As she finished, Sawa grinned once again and waved her hand, heading in the 
direction of her own house afterwards. 

Kurumi returned the gesture and bade farewell as she lingered until her friend's 
figure disappeared before she began her series of steps towards her home. 

There was nothing to complain about a stable daily life. Her friend was also cared 
for under the wings of fate. She never stumbled across hardships, so her tone of 
speaking struck no false notes. 

Following this, such a manner of living would undoubtedly continue. Even if an 
iota of fluctuation arose in the depths of Kurumi's heart, she seemed to keep 
ambling home as though to feign ignorance upon this aspect. 

-Not long afterwards, she felt a bit indisposed. 

".Eh?" 

After moving through several alleys, Kurumi broadened her eyes as she scanned 
her surroundings. 

Unbeknown to her, the bustle of people, the noises of animals, and all sorts of 
sounds had vanished. 

It was simply as if she had lost her way and wandered into another world. 

Instantaneously, Kurumi had even drawn the conclusion that her ears were 

experiencing hearing difficulties for a moment there-but that was by far not 

the case. The rustling of her clothes' fabric created a friction that was still 
sonorously audible to her. 

"What's... this." 

Despite her drowsiness, Kurumi carried on walking in order to leave that place. 
However- 


12 







PROLOGUE - ALLY OF JUSTICE 


"What." 

She quickly halted in her tracks. 

The reason was straightforward. Before her, an unidentified abnormality had 
manifested. 

It resembled a pitch-black shadow congealed into a living, humanoid form. That 
creature's body exuded a caliginous aura as it emitted what was failed to be 
described by screeches of lament and rage. 

"Hya-!?" 

That was obviously an out-of-the-ordinary existence. 

Kurumi could not refrain from suppressing her breath, desperate to flee from 
there. 

Nevertheless, her body, brimming with restlessness, did not act as she wished. 
With a twist of her foot, Kurumi toppled onto the ground on her backside. 

"Kya.!" 


Then, as though perceiving Kurumi at last, the entity sluggishly closed in on the 
girl. 

"No.Don't.!" 

Kurumi was utterly unable to do anything, merely trembling with trepidation. 

But-the next instant. 

" . !?" 

Kurumi's field of vision was completely beleaguered by light. Right after a crude 
explosion had reverberated, the monster near her evaporated into thin air. 

In its place stood a girl who looked as if she had switched places with it. 

"-Are you all right?" 

"Eh.Un-I'm... fine." 


13 












PROLOGUE - ALLY OF JUSTICE 


Puzzled, Kurumi lifted her head with a few misgivings, her line of sight falling onto 
that girl's physique. 

Her hair flowing in the wind, she was a young lady possessing regular features. An 
irresolute expression surfaced on her countenance, further elaborating her 
unfathomable ambiance. 

She was adorned in a dazzlingly elegant and formal dress. Each and every one of 
these essential constituents portrayed her as an Angel or goddess. 

Having gone astray from her pace, Kurumi finally understood. It was she who had 
defeated that umbrageous creature and rescued Kurumi. 

"T-Thank you for saving me." 

As Kurumi showed her utmost gratitude with quivering words, the girl gradually 
extended her hand towards her. 

Accepting the offer, Kurumi could be considered to have got up on her feet. 

"But.just now, what in the world." 

At Kurumi's enquiry, the girl hung down her eyes and spoke. 

"-A Spirit. It is a creature whose purpose is to destroy this world." 

"Spirit." 

".Correct. Speaking of which, who might you be? Why have you appeared 

here?" 

"Ah, I'm sorry. My name is Tokisaki Kurumi. As to why I'm here.I'd like to know 

that as well to be honest." 

After Kurumi's exposition, the young lady stroked her chin while murmuring a 
'Hmm', as if showing signs of mulling over something. 

".Losing your way not of your own volition? Hnn, perhaps you've a compatible 

nature." 

"Huh.?" 

Kurumi inclined her head suspiciously and exclaimed. Afterwards, the girl stared 
directly into Kurumi's eyes. 


14 












PROLOGUE - ALLY OF JUSTICE 


"-Forgive me for the sudden question, Kurumi, but do you desire power?" 

".Power.?" 

".That's right. A power like mine. Do you wish for it? You will without any 

doubt be harmonious with the nature of the Sephira crystal. If you are willing-1 

hope that you can save the world with me." 

u _ n 

Phrases absurd beyond belief were being verbalized. 

A common person would definitely dismiss them with a laugh and harbor dubious 
suspicions. 

And neither had Kurumi not surmised such. 

However, what was by far more overpowering than that was the emotion deeply 
rooted within Kurumi's heart, and it drove her to subconsciously lower her head 
forward. 

"Great. With your help, we'll have a hundredfold more power." 

The girl paused to smile for a while before continuing. 

"-Pleased to make your acquaintance, Kurumi. I am Takamiya Mio, also known 

as. 

an ally of Justice." 


15 








CHAPTER 1 - NIGHTMARE'S TEMPTATION 


Chapter 1 - Nightmare's Temptation 


"Ku-rumi." 

It was not in his intention to utter that name. 

The moment the girl in his line of sight came into view, both Shidou's attention 

and focus converged onto her figure like arrows honing in on a target.-He had 

but uttered that name partly on ineluctable reflex. 

The impression exuded by her towards others-was more than enough to 

captivate Shidou's vision and bottle it up forever. 

Splendid hair as sable as black pearls. 

Glossy skin with a luster like that of white porcelain. 

A bewitching grin on cherry red lips. 

And the faintly visible corner of a clockwork eye. 

Such a description could portray just one person in this world. 

-Kurumi. Tokisaki Kurumi. 

The 'Worst Spirit', capable of manipulating time using her Angel, <Zafkiel>. 

The Spirit who had emerged before Shidou and the others innumerable times, 
targeted their lives, even alternating between standing against and with them 
time and again, was there. 

"But, why-" 


That fragment of a sentence spewed out of his mouth. 

Where she had loomed constituted neither a secluded aley late in the evening nor 

one of the plights Shidou fell into after being besieged by the enemy-This was 

classroom 2-4 of Shidou's high school. 

The embodiment of abnormality sat in a way which personified the everyday 
norm. Such an unbalancing presence made him quench the drought in his throat 


16 





CHAPTER 1 - NIGHTMARE'S TEMPTATION 


with his own saliva. 
"-Fufu." 


Perched atop a chair, Kurumi eased her face with satire as she engrossed herself 
in Shidou's reaction. 

"Why...? What an odd question to ask, Shidou-san. Don't you have anything else 
to say to your long-lost classmate who's just returned to school?" 

She straightened her posture as if to display her attire. 

She donned not an Astral Dress stained with scarlet red blood, but a jacket 

matching her pleated skirt-the standard issue high school uniform that Shidou 

and everybody else were wearing. 

"You." 

He creased his brows, venting a garbled voice. 

No doubt, Kurumi had been a member of that class a few months earlier. The 
method notwithstanding, she seemed to have gone through the official 
procedures and entered the class, treating the abeyance as a sabbatical leave. 

Yet, even so, Shidou was not going to accept it obediently. In the end, her entry 
indicated that cross hairs had already been carved onto his back. 

"Ara, ara." 

Perhaps all the warning flags in his vision were raised at once. Kurumi stood up on 
a facetious whim and made a pre-emptive stride towards him. 

"Shidou!" 


Alerted by her sudden advance, two shadows leapt out from behind Shidou like 
sentinels on the lookout. 

Unconfined hair the color of the night alongside a short pale shoulder-level trim, 

they were the Spirits who attended the same school as Shidou-Yatogami 

Tohka and Tobi chi Origami. 

Nonetheless, both of them were but dancing within the palm of Kurumi's hand. 
She exhibited not an ounce of discomposure on her faux smirk as she traced her 


17 





CHAPTER 1 - NIGHTMARE'S TEMPTATION 


lips with it. 

"Ufufu, popular as always, Shidou-san." 

An uncanny remark came off Kurumi, her looming gaze sizing Tohka and Origami 
up. 

"Fret not. I, too, harbor no intention to cause any trouble." 

"What are you trying to do.!" 

"Why should we believe you?" 

"My, my, aren't I unwelcome. How heart-rending indeed." 

"Mgh." 

Kurumi veneered herself in a farce for sympathy. Tohka, at sixes and sevens, 
copied Origami's grim poker-face without another blink. 


Amid her charade, Kurumi let out a few snickers. 

".If I had so foolhardily wished to employ a more, violent, method, my Angel 

would have turned up at present." 

"Guh-" 

All but silence remained in Shidou as she pilfered his speech. Kurumi's simper 
beamed from ear to ear, the girl resuming with the eloquence of a chorus. 

"Blanketing the premises with the <City of Devouring Time>, my clones utilizing 

the unconscious students as human shields.each and every one of your 

classmates' heads held at gunpoint, how would Shidou-san opt to tackle me? I 
look forward to that." 

"Kurumi.!" 

"Kihihi, hihi." 

A spine-chilling, sinister cackle comprised Kurumi's response to having her name 
called out by Shidou. 

"I implore you to be so kind as to take my word that I won't do such. If you still 


18 









CHAPTER 1 - NIGHTMARE'S TEMPTATION 


prove unable to trust me-then I shall be more than willing to abide by your 

preference." 

".ch, you-" 

Pitted against clear-cut intimidation performed so seductively, Shidou had his 
breath taken away. 

Tohka and Origami heightened their guards as well, clenching their fists in 
resentment, only to be called off with a touch of Shidou's hands on their 
shoulders. 

".Alright." 

"Ufufu, what a kind person you are, Shidou-san." 

It seemed to be a correct answer from him, as Kurumi looked filled with delight 
and fixed her hair. 

Shidou could do naught except avert his eyes at the enchanting sight, yet he 
stayed vigilant about the femme fatale. 

If she were not to have tempered with his rationale, then why had she gone back 
to school? 

Shidou had no clue. 

"Kurumi, why did you." 

"Ufufu, have the goodness to refrain from making such a frightening face-I've 

but come to find pleasure in school life together with Shidou-san." 


Shidou was speechless. 

Like delivering a pasquinade, Kurumi shrugged her shoulders and continued 
despite his solemn silence-and in a volume audible to the entire class. 

"You're too cruel~! I humbly wished no more than to go to school with Shidou-san 

-even after I obeyed everything you ordered me to do!? I've been nigh on 

disrobed at Shidou-san's house, ready without hesitation to serve at your call! 
Can't I have just this meager reward for all I've done?" 


19 








CHAPTER 1 - NIGHTMARE'S TEMPTATION 


"Huh!?" 

The ravings of the seductress elicited an emphatic shout from the boy. 

"W-What are you talking about! Those things never-" 

Shidou made haste to emend. 

Though that haste had gone to waste by then. His classmates, having given ear to 
Kurumi's promulgation, were now imposing awkward stares and whispering in 
hushed tones. 

"Eh.is that true? Has Itsuka-kun struck again?" 

"By the way, isn't she the Tokisaki-san who transferred here in June?" 

"Seems that she was supposed to be on leave.Could it be that she'd been at 

Itsuka's house all along.!?" 

And so, the dice of groundless rumors had been cast all at once. 

".Oou." 

Shidou's face was stained with the most desperate of desperations as he placed a 
hand on his forehead. On the contrary, merry giggles escaped Kurumi's mouth, 
perhaps resulting from his quandary. 

However, his current plight entailed otherwise, not to mention that his reputation 
had been, and still was, shabby to begin with. In order to raise his mood, Shidou 
scratched his hair and heaved a sigh too deep, setting his sights back on Kurumi 
afterwards. 

".Just to enjoy school life, eh. If only that's your true motive, then I'll gladly 

welcome you. 

Heck, we'll even throw a welcome party for you if that's the case.-Of course, 

only if you let me seal your reiryoku." 

Shidou spoke with winces between his words. 


Needless to say, he had not meant those statements as they were. No, to be 
precise, they did stem from his heart. Never in his wildest dreams could he have 
predicted what followed next. 

20 










CHAPTER 1 - NIGHTMARE'S TEMPTATION 


Kurumi's answer eclipsed his anticipations. 

"Sure, sure. I wouldn't mind." 

".Eh?" 

He was dumbfounded at her response. 

Shidou meditated on the subtle tenor of her pronouncements. When he 
suspected his own ears and brain of abnormalities in communication, he darted a 
glance at Tohka's and Origami's expressions, only to discover a reflection of his 
own. 

"Kurumi.? What did you just say-" 

"To reiterate, I have no qualms about relinquishing my reiryoku to Shidou-san. 
That being said." 

Kurumi erected her index finger, a devilish grin delineating her mouth. 

"I've but a single stipulation." 


His breaths became laden. 

For that Kurumi to so forthrightly hand over her powers, it was far from rocket 
science to imagine what sort of unfulfillable condition she was going to propound. 
Presuming that she was pulling his leg would have fared better. 

Yet Shidou opted not to. If there existed even the most microscopic possibility of 
sealing Kurumi's reiryoku, Shidou had no choice besides venturing that impossible 

risk-More importantly, her playful gaze was no more as an unprecedented 

demeanor now took its place. 

He resolved himself to probe. 

".This condition, what is it?" 

"It's-" 

Then. 

The moment Kurumi's lips fluttered, the bell signaling the start of the lesson rang. 


21 









CHAPTER 1 - NIGHTMARE'S TEMPTATION 


"Ara, ara. Look at the time. Be it a pity, nothing can be done." 

With a twist and turn, she moved to head towards her seat. 

"Kurumi!" 

Shidou raised his voice to derail her, not expecting its more-than-audible volume 
to attract the attention of a few classmates like a magnet. 

Be that as it may, Kurumi remained composed, unsurprised at the flat-fallen 
attempt. She tittered, placing a drawn finger on her mouth. 

"The details shall follow after school. A bit of a crowd has gathered here. Not to 
mention-a student's duty is to study, correct?" 

Leaving behind that particular phrase, Kurumi gradually disappeared from 
Shidou's side. 


ooo 


" Tobi chi Origami, former member of the AST, ranked Master Sergeant at the 

time, Wizard level B+; resigned due to personal circumstances a few months ago." 

Within the walls of a room inside DEM Industries' Japan Branch, Artemisia 
Ashcroft read aloud a document pixelated on the screen, her hand fumbling with 
her chin. 

The strands of her glimmering golden hair seemed to absorb every trace of 
burnished sunlight, complementing her ultramarine pupils in an effigy of the 
summer ocean. By and large shaping a demure smile, her face was currently 
marred with sporadic hints of daze and skepticism. 

"-There's no doubt about it. That's definitely her." 

Artemisia plied the control panel for further details regarding the dossier. 

Height, body weight, and Realizer unit training level to name a few, were among 
the scores of assorted data which lit up the monitor. 

What she now accessed and connected to was the DEM-owned state database 


22 





CHAPTER 1 - NIGHTMARE'S TEMPTATION 


available to Wizards in each and every associated country. 

The Wizards of today were individuals of not incantations or rituals, but plain 
utilization of Realizers, allowing them to spread out their Territories. 

In consequence, there was a need to surgically insert a tiny electronic chip into 

their brains-to carry that out in discreteness and discretion was in the first 

place unfeasible. 

That is to say, all information concerning Wizards who used the Realizers 
manufactured by DEM was inevitably recorded inside. 

About a month ago, when Artemisia had attempted to launch an assault against 
the Spirits convened in outer space, another Wizard arrived on stage. After she 
conducted an enquiry as a provision against all contingencies, the visual display 
unit revealed any intelligence queried from the database relevant to that girl. 

"Hm." 

Artemisia nevertheless pouted, somewhat fed up. 

Conforming to her expectations, the fact that the archive contained such 
knowledge was more than tolerable, notwithstanding that only rudimentary 
particulars were chronicled-none which she sought. 

"-What are you doing, Artemisia?" 

Someone propped themselves against the back of her chair then. A voice 
resounded from behind her. 

With a glimpse, unbeknown to Artemisia, there stood a lady. She bore hair of a 
colour paler than that of the young blonde's and eyes of one darker than hers. If 
Artemisia were the sun, then she was a lady with illusory features like that of the 
moon. 

Regardless, the exterior spoke not of the heart, for Artemisia lacked the 
arrogance to name herself after the sun in front of her. 

Ellen Mira Mathers, DEM Industries' second in command, renowned by all and 
sundry as humanity's strongest Wizard. 

"Ah, Ellen. I've a matter to look into." 

Responded to with such ambiguity, Ellen leant forwards to some degree, scanning 
what lay next to Artemisia's hand. 


23 





CHAPTER 1 - NIGHTMARE'S TEMPTATION 


"Tobi chi Origami's data, eh.What's up with her?" 

"You're acquainted?" 

"Un, quite." 

Ellen straitened her eyes a little. This was no reaction to write volumes about, but 
for some reason, she seemed to cling onto vestiges of abhorrence. 

"Anything wrong? Between you and that girl." 

"No, not in particular." 

Ellen averted her gaze-ironclad evidence of her disinclination to expatiate on 

any further. 

Artemisia capitulated and returned to their initial topic. 

"This girl.She's a Spirit, right?" 

"That is correct. Codename <Angel>. The Spirit this world once termed <Devil>." 
"Was she previously one of the AST?" 

"Yes, apparently abdicating her post on account of becoming a Spirit." 

"Hmph." 

Fingers still grasping her chin, Artemisia examined a photograph of Origami which 
turned up on the screen anew, murmuring a few seconds later. 

"About that, Ellen. She and I have met in days gone by, I suppose?" 

".What are you driving at?" 

"This girl appears to recognise me." 


Her words annihilated any of Ellen's, though after a short time; alongside airy 
breaths, she regained her savoir faire. 

"Artemisia, you're belittling yourself to too great an extent. There isn't a thing 
over the top about a former AST member knowing the SSS-ranked Artemisia 
Ashcroft." 


24 









CHAPTER 1 - NIGHTMARE'S TEMPTATION 


"Un.perhaps you're right." 

"I am. Frankly, I haven't the faintest how you believed I'd know something you 
don't yourself." 

"Ahaha.I guess so." 

Watching Artemisia shrug her shoulders and form a wry grin, Ellen could not help 
but sigh. 

"Either way, Ike's calling for us. Let's go." 

"Ah, all right. In a minute." 

Having sent the computer into sleep mode, she followed Ellen's retreating figure 
out of the room. 


As they made their way through the corridor wordlessly, Ellen shot a peek at 
Artemisia from nowhere. Naturally, being the sentient girl she was, it had been a 
mere trifle for her to perceive, and thereupon to reciprocate with a smile, 
discountenancing Ellen, who returned to face forward again. 

When Artemisia had first touched upon the subject of Tobi chi Origami, Ellen felt 
rather unnerved straight from the shoulder, but it looked as though Artemisia had 
not indulged in reminiscence. 

She had indeed clashed blade to blade with Origami in the latest battle. There 
was no helping it if some uncertainties had arisen during their heated dialogue. 

Swordplay exchanged in the battlefield surely could not have jogged her 
memories. Even so, it would prove more prudent to confirm her conversation log 
later just in case. Thinking thus, Ellen entered the elevator together with 
Artemisia. 

"Urn, Ellen, does this meeting mean that we've new plans?" 

"Who knows? Anyhow, he did say that he has something to show us." 

"Something to show us?" 

"Yes." 

Trading trivial banters and immaterial whatnots, both of them reached the top 

25 







CHAPTER 1 - NIGHTMARE'S TEMPTATION 


floor of the building-before DEM Industries' Managing Director, Isaac 

Westcott's chamber. 

But. 


Ellen came to an abrupt standstill, having detected that beyond the door lingered 
an unwonted presence. 

Despite Westcott possessing an air of intimidation that the majority of 
commoners nowhere near did, the roiling presence a meagre doorstep away 
distilled a unique ambience. 

As if-yes, as if a horde of horrors awaited them both with hushed breaths. 

"Ellen." 


"-Yeah. 


tt 


Artemisia showed signs of realization, knitting her brows and grimacing. 

"Exactly what is this?" 

"I haven't an idea." 

"Sir Isaac couldn't have been.attacked, could he?" 

"Certainly not, even if this place is just a branch office, it's still within DEM 
Industries all the same. Come what may, to launch an assault under our very 
noses, no person could-" 

Ellen gasped part way. 

-There was one; one who had once raided the Japan branch company. 

The Spirit <Nightmare>-Capable of manipulating time and shadows, along 

with an infinite stockpile of clones amassed from precursory timelines. 

Of course, they hardly lowered their guards. When it came to a possible assailant, 
however, no one except her came to mind. Ellen gritted her teeth and threw the 
door wide open, knocking being the least of her concerns. 

"Ike! You all right!? Ik-" 


26 





CHAPTER 1 - NIGHTMARE'S TEMPTATION 


But as she stomped into the room, her brisk tread and voice died out just as 
quick. 

It was self-explanatory. No Spirit could be found in the suite, and Westcott sat 
comfortably on his armchair. 

"This is." 

"-Ah, I see you've arrived, Ellen. What's the matter? You look like you've seen 

an apparition." 

"No, it's nothing." 

She spruced up the disheveled lapels of her suit not a moment later, whereafter 
Artemisia expelled a staggered expression in similar fashion. 

"Eh.? I'm definite I sensed something in here." 

Tongue-in-cheek, Westcott delighted in feasting his eyes on the two's reactions, 
then rose to his feet and ambled towards the window. 

"Well. I've summoned the both of you today for no other reason-Further to 

the Spirit from outer space falling into Ratatoskr's clutches, they've now totted up 
ten." 

".I apologize for those disgraces of mine." 

Ellen hung her head in shame at his words. 

During the collision in the cosmos, the <Goetia> led by her had been brought to 
its knees by the spaceship <Fraxinus>. This memory vividly abided in Ellen. If she 
had not been shot down there, the tide of the battle would have, for the most 
part, stayed unaltered. 

Westcott boasted a paucity of objurgating her, though. 

"There's no need to stir up a fuss over those affairs. The two of you have done 
ever so well. 

In fact, I dare say our present circumstances shall precipitate the best-case 
scenario." 

"The best?" 

"Indubitably. An ample tally of Spirits have flocked together, and I've a, 

27 








CHAPTER 1 - NIGHTMARE'S TEMPTATION 


nevertheless partial. Demon King in my hands.-Elliot's absence is a pity if 

anything." 

".Tch." 

Elliot. At the sound of that traitor's name, Ellen's face distorted into one of 
grimness without thinking. 

Most likely having discerned her gravity, Westcott unwound his shoulders. 

"In any case, the time's quite fit. Still bearing in mind what I mentioned earlier, 
Ellen?-We'll have that Itsuka Shidou play the part of the key for us." 

".! That's-" 


Her pupils dilated. 

Westcott chortled, his right hand hoisted aloft. 

A varnish of jet-black murk began to gush forth, and a tome of tenebrous bindings 

materialized-The Demon King <Beelzebub>, a spectacle in the form of a book 

he procured from the Spirit <Sister>. 

Its prowess lay in omniscience: to see everything and to know everything which 
had happened, happened, and would happen in this world, truly the worst of the 
worst of abilities. 

"Let that <Sister> throw a spanner in the works of my rootling around for all I 
care. With adequate welly, even the tiniest chink in Ratatoskr's circumspection 

won't be kept under their hats any longer.-It's about time we thoroughly 

proceeded with slaughter. Mercy is uncalled for. Flaunt the might of humanity's 
strongest Wizard to your heart's content." 

"Leave it to me. I will without fail deliver you the perfect outcome." 

"All right. I've high expectations for the both of you." 

As though living up to his words, Ellen refined her posture in assent, Artemisia 
following suit a beat later. 

"Then, we had best depart straight away-" 

"-Oh, and one more thing." 

At that moment, having cut in on her, Westcott seemed electrified by a sharp 






CHAPTER 1 - NIGHTMARE'S TEMPTATION 


moment of remembrance and roused the tips of his shoulders. 

"What is it?" 

"I forgot to tell you something with regard to this operation-I've assembled 

the supplementary personnel for this stratagem." 

"Supplementary personnel-Wizards? Do you deem our capabilities 

insufficient?" 

Ellen strived her utmost to enunciate in an equanimous manner; yet to no avail, 
for conspicuous tinctures of pique leaked from her concealments. 

"I uttered no such thing. You're beyond the shadow of a doubt the most powerful 
Wizard, and Artemisia's endued with vigor second solely to yours. However, you 
mustn't underestimate strength in numbers. Sealed Spirits are child's play before 
you both, but place two and two together and they could delay you by a couple of 
minutes. And it is these few ticks that might cost you your target." 

"That." 

"Ahaha, you've got us in a bind." 

Artemisia tactlessly giggled while her mortified colleague crinkled her brows. 

What Westcott had stated consisted but of the truth. The basis for Ellen, whose 
power was unrivaled, to fall through in capturing her objective on many occasions 
was without doubt the Spirits' trammels. 

Even with DEM's Wizards and unmanned Bandersnatches, in view of the 
monumental disparity between the strength of the contemporary Spirits and 
theirs, the trepidation of additional troops was critical. 

"But, Ike, I'm not acquainted with any Wizards competent to keep pace with us. 

To have us muck in with a half-baked team would influence our performance 
quite the reverse." 

"Aah, of course it would." 

He ratified her expounding with good grace. 

"Still, I urge you to take it easy. They shall be of great use to you, I believe." 
Raising his hand in his own good time, Westcott snapped his fingers. 


29 





CHAPTER 1 - NIGHTMARE'S TEMPTATION 


In the twinkling of an eye, innumerable sheets of paper proliferated from the 
back of his chair like a frenetic gale, eddying in mid-air. 

"Wha-" 

"Waal" 

The rapid unforeseen turn of events paralyzed both ladies, after which the pieces 
of paper mantled the walls all the way to the hilt. 

At that point, the two at long last ascertained the layers of paper to be the pages 
of an antiquated book. 

"This." 

Ellen tapered her vision in a bid to zoom in on them-just to immediately 

broaden her eyelids in disbelief. 

It was no wonder. Droves of girls crawled out of the pages. 

Heads of grey hair gravitating towards a coal-black color beheld them both with 
verdigris pupils abounding in intrigue. 

Yet the most idiosyncratic trait was-every single one of them retained the 

exact identical face, as though cut from the same cloth. 

".! Ellen." 

"Yeah." 

Drops of sweat oozed down from Artemisia's cheek. 

That's right; those were the myriads of presences they felt prior to setting foot in 
the room. 

"Introductions are in order. The Daughters of the Demon King-<Nibelcol>." 

His eyes tinted with cuprous rust, Westcott declared with a devious smirk. 


30 







CHAPTER 1 - NIGHTMARE'S TEMPTATION 













CHAPTER 1 - NIGHTMARE'S TEMPTATION 


windows. 

Shidou took a brief glance at the digital clock etched on the face of his mobile 
phone, puffing out a breath and lifting his head. 

It was after school, wherein all classes had drawn to a close. His classmates too 
had by then set sail for home, leaving behind no more than the profiles of Shidou, 
Tohka, and Origami, as well as the Yamai sisters, Kaguya and Yuzuru from the 
neighboring class. They comprised Spirits whose powers Shidou had sealed in the 
past. 

Obviously, but one reason was keeping him there. 

-To once again converse with Kurumi. 

Her appointed tete-a-tete location was the rooftop of the school building. Shidou 
rounded his fists to gird up his loins and sprung up from his chair. 

"-So, I should pretty much get going, everyone." 

Upset, Tohka creased her eyebrows into an upended letter V-shape. 

"Muu.Will you be okay, Shidou? Maybe we should tag along after all." 

The other Spirits nodded, each intimating their own respective accords. 

"Like Tohka said, it's too dangerous." 

"To do battle with she who enwreathes the Stygian, imperative are our forces." 
"Consent. We will accompany you." 

Shidou managed to muster a grin and patted Tohka on the head, swinging his own 
side to side. 

"Thanks, all of you. But I'll be fine. Sure, Kurumi's one dangerous Spirit.but she 

isn't the kind to go back on her word. And besides-" 

He clenched onto thin air with firm hands. 

"If the guy who's going to seal her powers can't even talk to her one-to-one, 
won't the future look awfully bleak?" 

"Shidou." 


32 








CHAPTER 1 - NIGHTMARE'S TEMPTATION 


Tohka persisted in her distraught face, but then while stubbornly headstrong, she 
shook her head again post-haste and revivified her expression with zesty cheer. 

".Umu, I get it. Good luck!" 

"Aah." 

Bowing with verve, Shidou withdrew from the classroom, and from everyone else. 
He ascended towards the top floor, coming up before the doorway leading to the 
open-air roof. 

Just then, a well-known voice was relayed from a compact earpiece stuck in his 
right ear. 

[TYou ought to be aware already, but don't try anything reckless. Even if it'll be 
under <Fraxinus>' surveillance, Kurumi's Angel's a bit peculiar. We won't know 
what's going to happen at all J 

The speaker was none other than his little sister, the commander of Ratatoskr, 
Itsuka Kotori. 

She was currently situated within the airship <Fraxinus>, observing Shidou's and 
the others' 

state of affairs with extreme heed. 

"Yeah, I understand. Even so, saving Spirits is Ratatoskr's goal, right? No matter 
how scary Kurumi may be, running without a single word would get my ass kicked 
by my scarier Imouto-sama." 

[fAra, I would tie you up and serve you a large helping of tickle torture, not to 
mention publicize to the whole world everything about your dark past I've 
gathered until now. Kick your ass? What a kind-hearted Imouto-sama. Make sure 
to take carej 

".Haha." 

Kotori returned his quip with a humph. Face dribbling with perspiration, Shidou 
made an effort to smile. 

The accretion of tenseness that had been swathing him lightened up a shade as 
he slapped his cheeks to irrupt into the right frame of mind. Shidou unbarred the 
door. 

ti ;/ 


33 






CHAPTER 1 - NIGHTMARE'S TEMPTATION 


A brilliant radiance incomparable to the luminous intensity of the hallway set his 

field of vision ablaze, impelling him to attenuate his eyes-Bit by bit, his line of 

sight clustered upon the outline of the sole girl in the center. 

"-Ara." 


Kurumi, vacantly gazing at the town in the distance beyond the fence, appeared 
to have noticed his advent and twirled a full semicircle around. 

"Ufufu, welcome. You've my gratitude for presenting yourself, Shidou-san." 

She tramped nearer to him with a handful of extensive strides, afterwards raising 
the hem of her skirt to give a theatrical curtsy. 

This unduly poised, graceful gesticulation mesmerized and ensnared Shidou's 
sight in a wink. 

Contrarily, now was not the time to occupy himself with such concerns. He swung 
his head left and right as if to liberate his mind from the imminent allure. Then, he 
locked his stare onto Kurumi's face. 

"Alright, Kurumi. I'm here as we promised." 


At first glance, she requited his eye, but to curve the corners of her mouth. 

"As I thought this morn-albeit minuscule, you've certainly changed, Shidou- 

san." 

"Eh.?" 

"Contrasted with our very first encounter, your countenance has matured. Well, 
after having spent your days in such a mare's nest, that is to be expected. 

Ufufu.How lovely you've become." 

"D-Don't make fun of me." 

A hint of cold feet dogged his remark. The fact that it was nightfall made Shidou 
all the more appreciative. But for the sunset enveloping his entire physique, the 
image of his redden cheeks would have been impractical to veil. 

"Rather, it's time you fessed up. About this morning-the condition in order to 

seal your power." 


34 







CHAPTER 1 - NIGHTMARE'S TEMPTATION 


Kurumi's lips curled once more at his utterances. 

A simper too irresistible-one too bewitchingly eerie. 

With her back shouldering the dusk sun, to say that she smacked of the Fourth 
Horseman ushering Shidou into the netherworld was not in the slightest 
hyperbolic. 

"Oh, very well then. I'll speak. I-" 

-In that instant. 

When the half-light smeared Kurumi began to talk. 

".ghl?" 

Out of the blue, Shidou was afflicted with an acute dizziness. 

No. If one had an aversion to faulty expressions, the word dizziness would fail to 
hit home the sensation. This feeling resembled having one's source of power 
cleaved without warning; a sense of loss outclassing agony and malady at once, 
threatening to bury his body in darkness in a split second of vulnerability. 

However, he had felt this impalpable formication before. 

When his flesh and bones were punctured by a bullet. 

When his guts were impaled by a sword from behind. 

And-When a part of his body was obliterated to naught by a key. 

It existed as a fleeting feeling of one's own body being overrun by something 
which effortlessly transcended a human lifeform's mortal potentialities. 

In the fullness of time, this was the tingle of death-O 

At 17:30, around the airspace of Tenguu City, Tokyo Prefecture. 

Sheathed in the platinum CR-Unit <Pendragon>, Ellen levitated by means of her 
Territory encapsulating herself and her vicinity while peering down at a marked 
high school from afar. 

The concrete in-between distance well exceeded ten thousand meters, yet the 
Wizard had a crystal-clear bird's eye view of the small figures fidgeting there. 


35 





CHAPTER 1 - NIGHTMARE'S TEMPTATION 


The Spirit by the name of <Nightmare>, alongside Itsuka Shidou. 

"Are the preparations complete?" 

Ellen surveyed the conditions below, muttering to herself. 

The communication device then transmitted Artemisia's voice. 

[fOf course. Ready whenever you are J 

Equipped in <Pendragon>'s sister model, <Lancelot>, Artemisia was positioned at 
another location, studying the same targets as that of Ellen. 

Ellen's soundless silence acted as an interim substitute for her response, after 
which she again looked down and brandished with all speed the unit equipped on 
her back. 

The retracted framework unfurled, rejigging into a luminously brilliant golden 
saber. 

Made within the realms of possibility via the superabundant magic output of 
Realizer technology, the laser blade <Caledfwlch>, named after a holy sword, was 
<Pendragon>'s chief weapon. 

"-Here we go." 

A laconic exhortation from her was all it took for them to start their accelerated 
descent, as though propelling themselves off a wall of thin air. 

Such velocity rivalled a lead bullet's trajectory; more than enough for an ordinary 

person to black out or even get ripped to shreds-and they gave the impression 

of traversing at such a speed being a cakewalk as the two centered on their goal. 

A stale metaphor like 'untraceable with the naked eye' now encroached on 
reality. No soul could perceive Ellen, so to speak. 

-However. 

".ch! Hah!" 

Ellen, splintering through the molecules of air like a comet hurtling across outer 
space, experienced an instantaneous stop and armed her sword. 

A vivid burst of magical energy dispersed in every bearing, illuminating the 
masses of clouds around. 


36 





CHAPTER 1 - NIGHTMARE'S TEMPTATION 


"Kuh-" 

Even the powerhouse <Caledfwlch> could not yield a blast of such immensity with 
a single strike. 

That's right; there prevailed yet another magic-endowed blade. 

"-Phew. To pull up in that timing; it sure is you, Ellen." 

The girl who raised her sword against Ellen did so for the tips of her mouth as 
well. 

She was clad in a CR-Unit formulated after a wolf, her hair bundled into a 
ponytail, a pronounced mole under her left eye. 

"You're-" 

Having given ear to that voice, having caught sight of that face, Ellen found it 
difficult not to furrow her brows. 

"Mana! Why are you here!?" 

"Hah!" 

Ellen calling out her name was a blunder; the girl-Takamiya Mana seized the 

opportunity to launch a riving follow-up. 

"Chi-" 


Ire contorted Ellen's mien while she maneuvered her Territory and position, 
staving off the attack. 

Their separation lengthened with a backward leap, she glared daggers at Mana, 
who shrugged her shoulders like a tease. 

"Oya oya, that's a nerve-racking look you've got there. With wrinkles comes old 
age, you know." 

".Rubbish." 

As if spitting the vocable out, Ellen observed Mana with caution, pondering ad 
nauseam. 


Mana had grasped her flight trajectory, which in and of itself was admissible. 
Despite not being at Ellen's tier, she still proved to be an extraordinarily 


37 





CHAPTER 1 - NIGHTMARE'S TEMPTATION 


competent Wizard. Flanking a committed hunter would always turn out easier 
than challenging them head-on. 

However, that would imply she knew Ellen's whereabouts and objective 
beforehand. 

-Did Mana know Ellen would attack Shidou? 

No, granted that information was somehow leaked, pinpointing where and when 
she had started the assault alone would have been problematic. 

-Then, had Shidou realized the likelihood of being ambushed and remained on 

his toes up till now? 

No, supposing that he was astute, to keep a weather eye on a ten-thousand- 
meter radius area around the clock was a feat not accomplishable by even the 
most excellent Wizards. 

".Hm." 

Having invalidated the few hypotheses floating into her mind, Ellen neatened her 
hair leisurely. 

What mattered the greatest now was on no account exploring how Mana had 
managed to stumble upon Ellen's location. She conveyed a mental directive to 
Artemisia, who was situated on the other side. 

"Artemisia. We've got company. Change of plans. For now-" 

Midway, Ellen discerned it. 

In lieu of Artemisia's voice being broadcast back to her, only a scramble of 
random noise could be apprehended. 

"This is." 

For Artemisia to be defeated was hard to believe. A jammed transmission, she 
feared, or Artemisia had been besieged like herself and was engaged in a fight. 

Ellen clicked her tongue, glowering all the more ferociously at Mana. 

"I haven't the foggiest notion of how you contrived it, but brilliant work." 

Afterwards, from nowhere, even Mana's face contorted into a frown. 


38 






CHAPTER 1 - NIGHTMARE'S TEMPTATION 


".You don't say. Too brilliant it pisses me off. Ellen, if only you hadn't shown 

up, I could've brushed it aside as a joke." 

".? What was that?" 

Her confounding statement left a crease or two in Ellen's eyebrows. Lacking the 
intent to elaborate any further, Mana joggled her head from side to side. 

"This has nothing to do with you.-Instead, what are we to do now? You've 

missed the most suitable timing anyhow." 

"Hmph." 

Mana's goading elicited a scornful scoff from Ellen, who aimed the sharp end of 
her saber at her. 

"You managed to halt my attack. I'll give you that. But all you did was give 
meaning to the words 'you won against me' for the first time." 

"Hnn? Come at me then-" 

She adopted a combat stance and readied her own laser blade. 

On the other hand, Ellen wasted not another second on listening. 

"-is what I expected you to say." 

With that riposte, she unlatched her backpack unit, letting what had lain encased 
inside roam free in her Territory. 

-The manifold book pages within. 

".Paper?" 

Mana uttered in perplexity, lowering her posture to some degree. 

Perhaps she was unable to tell the purport of Ellen's actions, thus breaking into 
an offensive. 

Ellen relaxed her lips with a sigh, thereafter extending her left hand forwards as 
opposed to her right which clasped onto her sword. Alongside that motion, the 
unnumbered sheets of paper arranged themselves in rank and file, spick and 
span. 

Mana stood no chance, as it were, to overpower Ellen. Nonetheless, the way 


39 







CHAPTER 1 - NIGHTMARE'S TEMPTATION 


Westcott had noted, she could well buy time. 

Hence, Ellen ought not to succumb to Mana's taunts, but to carry out her mission 
not a moment later. 

".What are you conniving at?" 

Scrutinizing Ellen's oddly suspicious behavior, Mana muttered to herself. 

Nonetheless, her doubt was not addressed specifically to Ellen. Even if it did get 
through, nobody of sound mind would outright reveal their own hand to the 
enemy. 

"-Come forth, <Nibelcol>." 

Ellen commanded with a snap of her fingers. 

The folios of paper encircling her then began to palpitate and pulsate, with many 
girls creeping out from within. 

Enrobed in black garments, the girls all bore identical facial expressions. 

"Aah-" 

"What.Is it time already?" 

"No matter. It is for Otou-sama's sake, after all." 

Looking the epitome of listlessness, each of them stretched their bodies while 
contemplating Mana. 

n | // 


Her breath froze. 

For a moment there, she had surmised herself hallucinating or even delirious. It 
would have been facile for Ellen to project any illusion she had devised in her 
Territory. 

But that was far from the case. 

A visual inspection of the space provided an estimate of twenty people. 

Every single one of them emanated a very much tangible presence, not to 
mention a dense heap of energy. 


40 







CHAPTER 1 - NIGHTMARE'S TEMPTATION 


Yes-It paralleled the time she came face to face with <Nightmare>'s, Tokisaki 

Kurumi's, clones. 

Ellen grinned from ear to ear at Mana's guise. 

"They shall be the ones to entertain you.-<Nibelcol>, I'll be making for the 

target. The rest is up to you." 

She issued orders to the girls-<Nibelcol>, who cast an indifferent glance at her 

and waved goodbye. 

"Aah, all right. Take care." 

"By the way, who's Ellen to Otou-sama? A lover?" 

"Ehh, no way. Otou-sama's got some bad tastes." 

The girls giggled with glee. 

".Hey." 

Ellen frowned upon the unanticipated feedback. 

However, she abhorred wavering before Mana all the same. Freshening up with a 

shake of her head, Ellen faced downwards-at the high school where Shidou 

was. 

"Ch. You're not getting away.!" 

In order to put an end to Ellen, Mana planned to deploy her thrusters. 

Yet just before she could, the <Nibelcol> girls that were chortling until then 
darted a gaze as keen as a whetted needle at her in unison. 

"Kuh." 

Grimacing, she gnashed her teeth. 

If this were a one-against-one skirmish, Mana's victory would be assured. But the 
adversaries totaled twenty, and moreover they were assigned to hinder her from 
hindering Ellen, not to subdue her. The circumstances were poles apart. 

To obstruct a Wizard much more powerful than herself while under the 

obstruction of twenty people-Confronted with such an unrealistic crisis, Mana 

could feel the beads of sweat trickling down her cheeks. 


41 







CHAPTER 1 - NIGHTMARE'S TEMPTATION 


Inadequacy stared her in the face. Without reinforcements amounting to that of 
<Nibelcol>-"-Ara, ara." 

At that moment. 

When Mana was on the brink of surrender, a voice vexatious to everyone 
reverberated from behind her. 

".Nn?" 

"What's with that? Exact lookalikes; Uwah, it's somehow scary." 

"Ahaha, we're no different, though." 

The <Nibelcol> in front of Mana were struggling to speak simultaneously. 

As if in retaliation, countless silhouettes emerged behind her. 

An Astral Dress of vermilion and jet black, hair bundled unevenly on both sides, 
and-a left eye that tick-tocked in sync with the passing time. 

With facsimiles mirroring the Spirit, Tokisaki Kurumi seemed one-hundred per 
cent supportive of Mana and there to aid her. 

".<Nightmare>." 

She turned her line of sight leftwards, her manner ever more austere; to which 
Kurumi gave out a smug and amused smirk. 

"What a twist of fate, Mana-san. You'll allow me to lend a hand if you're at a 
pinch, won't you? Even I myself find it distasteful to bully the weak." 

"From whose mouth spouted such nonsense, I'll chop off your head along with 
that cunning tongue of yours, free of charge." 

"Ara, how frightening, frightening indeed.How~e~ver, is now truly the time to 

keep up your bold front? Mana-san alone would flounder to tackle all of them, I 
wonder." 

".Ch." 

Without as much as bothering to repress hostility, Mana clacked her tongue and 
hauled her light saber <Wolftail> anew. 

"After each and every one of them is taken care of, you're next!" 


42 









"-dou-san, Shidou-san." 





CHAPTER 1 - NIGHTMARE'S TEMPTATION 


I 


n 


His name called out by Kurumi, Shidou cracked open his eyes. 

"Eh.Uh.Huh.?" 

He scanned his surroundings, throat in a daze. 

Where he now reposed was the roof of the very Raizen High School they 
attended, in front of him a Kurumi bedaubed with the magnificent setting sun. 

After Shidou became conscious thereof, question marks of introspection wafted 
into his mind. 

-Why was I trying to bear out the obvious? 

That's correct; everything he attempted to confirm was already known. 

Shidou was harrowed with an indisposition which stole transitory moments of his 
cognizance, merely to redo remembrance from the beginning, as though the reset 
button of a game had been pressed. 

"Are you alive and well, Shidou-san?" 

"A-Aah.Sorry, spaced out for a bit there-" 

Still an affliction bedeviled the boy. 

Her back against the eventide, Kurumi's physique gave the impression of being 
reoriented vaguely. 

No, if truth be told, nothing should have shifted. 

How was he to put it.Her wonted profile of stiff aloofness and sangfroid 

appeared rather worn out and threadbare. 

"Kurumi.? Did you." 

"-Ara, ara?" 

A quiver absconded from the edges of her brows, albeit subtle, whereafter her 
habitual articulation rejoined. 

"Have I something on my face?" 


44 












CHAPTER 1 - NIGHTMARE'S TEMPTATION 


".Ah, no." 

In the blink of an eye, the Kurumi he was familiar with came back, obliging him to 
prevaricate. 

By all means, a perceptible contrast manifested. But where and how, Shidou 
could not point out to a nicety. 

"-All right then; let us get back on-topic." 

Whether she saw through his thoughts or otherwise, Kurumi aggrandized her 
attitude and spurred on the conversation. 

"My aim is as it was, letter for letter, the reiryoku contained within Shidou-san's 

body.I'd like to partake of but that. The rationale behind recommencing school 

is exceedingly simple, too. Including Mukuro-san, whom you've only recently 
sealed, hasn't Shidou-san accumulated ten spirits' worth of energy thus far? 

Ufufu, I fancy the time is ripe." 


Shidou deflected no segment of his view off her form, retorting with pure 
muteness, his face profusely drenched. 

To partake of; in laymen's terms, to devour his reiryoku, and him with it- 

synonymous with his demise. Undeterred by the fact that it was at a Spirit's 
request, Shidou could not accede in any way. 

In spite of that, Kurumi should have been au fait with this complication to a 
marked extent. 

Placing a finger on her lips like a ravishing temptress, she mounded a spellbinding 
smile. 

"And Shidou-san's aspiration is to seal mine.correct?" 

".Aah. But just that won't be good enough." 

"I beg your pardon?" 

She slanted her head, baffled at his assertion, to which he outstretched his index 
finger. 

"I'm going to seal your powers, have you atone for all you've done until now- 

and on top of that, let you live a happy life. That's my-our ultimate goal." 

45 









CHAPTER 1 - NIGHTMARE'S TEMPTATION 


"Ara, ara." 

Unable to stifle it any longer, Kurumi dissolved into laughter as she arched her 
stature. 

"Ufufu, you're quite the philanthropic saint, aren't you, Shidou-san?- 

Regrettably, I'm afraid I cannot agree either. Not that I've no interest in the happy 
life you mentioned, however, I mustn't be deprived of my reiryoku at all costs." 

She proffered the finger on her mouth forwards. 

"Here we are stuck in a quagmire. Shidou-san's wish and mine run parallel to each 
other, none of which shall be brought to fruition in the status quo, frittering away 
precious time." 

Kurumi then lined up the forefinger of her other hand beside the previous. 

"Nee, Shidou-san." 

The curvature of her lips ever so coquettish, she met the touch of her two fingers. 
-Like a kiss. 

"Rather than letting our parallel lines never intersect and our hopes come to 

naught, would you not prefer a method fulfilling both?-Even if it may lead to 

us forfeiting everything." 

Her head canted. 


Seeming to have fathomed out the treacherous cliff her words trod on, his body 
was jolted with butterflies. 

Not long after, that precarious tension diffused throughout the environment by 
and by. 

For all that, the source of the suspense, Kurumi herself, started chuckling. 

"Please don't be on pins and needles, Shidou-san. I believe I've said this in the 
past, but I haven't the slightest intent to pillage your reiryoku by force." 

".Then, what do you propose?" 

A glint of uncertainty in his eyes, Shidou posed precisely the query Kurumi had 


46 







CHAPTER 1 - NIGHTMARE'S TEMPTATION 


been waiting to pounce on. She fanned out her hands exaggeratedly. 

"Ufufu, that will conform to Shidou-san's manner." 

"Eh.?" 

"Fufu." 

There and then, Kurumi performed a twirling pirouette, the pitter-patter of the 
soles of her shoes tapping on the floor. 

"-Whoever of us makes the other fall for them first.How does that sound?" 

".Eh?" 

An unforeseen proposal dumbfounded him. 

"The one who makes the other fall for them.wins?" 

"Quite so, quite so." 

Her voice whispered, edging nearer to Shidou. 

"I shall continue in this high school for a while. In the event that I fall in love with 

Shidou-san, my powers will be yours for the taking.How~e~ver, if the 

converse is to occur, the win shall be mine.On that occasion, Shidou-san will 

be mine to delight in." 

"You.It's clear I'll lose my life if I fall for you, so there's no way that'll happen. 

This match was pointless to begin with-" 

"-Are you sure?" 

Kurumi interrupted him, her tantalizing digit stroking his chin up. 

"I, however.possess it - the confidence to make Shidou-san waive his life for 

me." 


Shidou, astonished at her self-confidence, gulped down his breath. 

Kurumi sneaked a peek with her upper field of vision at his expression, tittering. 
"Tell me, Shidou-san, do you? The confidence to captivate me; the mettle to 


47 













CHAPTER 1 - NIGHTMARE'S TEMPTATION 


coerce me to choose Shidou-san over my everything." 


Ba-dump, ba-dump; his heart throbbed with intensity. 

Perhaps dreadfully aware that death awaited him at one wrong step, or the 
enchantress before him had plucked his heart, Shidou was currently incapable of 
differentiating. 

At that moment, similar to a wake-up call from heaven, Kotori's voice echoed 
from the receiver in his right ear. 

[fGet a hold of yourself, Shidou. For that Kurumi to put forward such a strange 
requirement, she's definitely plotting something behind our backs. Reine, start 
the analysis, quick-J 

But, in that instant, an alarm piercing through her vocalization came blaring out 
from his earpiece. 

[TWhat the hell's going on at a time like this!J] 

[TCommander, this response!]] 

[TWha.That's.!?J 

Following Kotori's voice brimming with dismay and buzzes of warbled static noise, 
neither intelligible nor random sound resonated from the receiver anymore. 

" i \" 


Budging it had little effect. 

Completely isolated from contact with <Fraxinus>, it was the equivalent to losing 
sight of the lighthouse while out at sea during the night. 

Yet in defiance of the utterly forlorn circumstances, the incomprehension swelling 
within Shidou quashed any wisp of anxiety or trepidation. 

-Noble obligation, along with a sense of duty. 

Shidou was now gifted with the chance to persuade Tokisaki Kurumi. 

The Shidou of the past would have already cowered in fear by then. 


48 








CHAPTER 1 - NIGHTMARE'S TEMPTATION 


The former Shidou would have been in complete disarray, baffled with what to 
say. 

But the person who now stood there was no longer any of his former selves. 

He was a man who had charmed, as well as sealed, ten Spirits. 

Tohka, Yoshino, Kotori, Kaguya, Yuzuru, Miku, Natsumi, Origami, Nia, and 
Mukuro; they all stood by his side, encouraging him without hesitation. 

He could never look at them in the eye again if he were to shy away from Kurumi 
now. 

"-1 know." 


Shidou thrust his finger towards her, a broad smile surfacing on his mouth. 

"I accept your contest. I'll make you choose me and give your everything up." 

Being replied to with such ardency, Kurumi augmented her beam of mirth. 

"Ufufu, fufu. That's Shidou-san for you; the very person I've acknowledged 
indeed." 

Spinning her body around-Kurumi issued a manifesto of war with impish 

banter. 

"Now then-let us begin our date, shall we?" 


49 




CHAPTER 2 - TIDE OF BATTLE 


Chapter 2 - Tide of Battle 


"-Kuu!" 

It was night when a loud bang threw open the entranceway. Shidou thought 
Kotori had returned, but at that moment, she delivered a vigorous punch straight 
at the pit of his stomach. 

"Ouch!" 

Kotori's sudden attack taking him by surprise, Shidou's entire body inadvertently 
flew backwards into the living room. 

"W-What are you doing, Kotori.!" 

"This is no time to ask 'what are you doing'! Don't you understand? If you lose, 
you'll die!!" 

".I know, but in that situation-" 

Kotori made a 'hun' sound with her nose and scratched her head in irritated 
frustration before speaking. 

"Aah, really. I already know you had no choice but to accept Kurumi's proposal. 
But understanding and accepting are two different things! As usual, this idiot 
brother of mine never looks out for himself.!" 

"Y-You." 

Then, as Shidou was struggling to get up, cold sweat submerging his face, Kotori 
pointed her finger towards him. 

"Un." 


".'Un'? What the heck do you mean?" 


"I'll let you return the punch.It was the support role's fault to have 

communication ceased when you were forced to make a critical decision." 


50 










CHAPTER 2 - TIDE OF BATTLE 


"Hey, hey." 

Shidou formed a troubled face. Occasionally, Kotori would put on such a 
masculine facade. 

Although this was one of Kotori's strong points, no matter what, it was impossible 
to truly shatter the past. Thus it was expected for the honorable older brother to 
dote on the little sister. 

However, if done half-heartedly against one's wishes, it wouldn't be viewed as 
deception and he would feel very apologetic towards Kotori's feelings. 

Shidou inhaled a deep breath as he got up to stand in front of Kotori. 

".It can't be helped. You're really considerate, Kotori." 

"Ah, bring it on." 

Kotori stretched both of her hands to the side in order to emphasize her 
defenselessness. 

Shidou took in another gulp of air- 

"Here!" 

Shidou quickly placed both of his hands in Kotori's armpits, moving his fingers at 
full tilt to cause a kochokochokocho sound. 

"What!? W-Wait a minute.Ahahahahahal?" 

Kotori's body writhed until she could no longer stand from the laughter. After 
such relentless tickling, Kotori collapsed head first onto the sofa. Shidou clapped 
his hands together in a 'pat-pat'. 

"Hah. Well, this much should be enough." 

"U-Unfair.That was too much." 

As Shidou concluded his kitsch prank, Kotori let out a weak voice punctuated with 
pants, being out of breath from laughing too hard. 

At that time. 

"-Shidou, we've come to bother you!" 


51 









CHAPTER 2 - TIDE OF BATTLE 


Just at that timing, the door was pushed open and the girls entered the living 
room one by one. 

Tohka and Origami, who had gone back to the Spirit Mansion next door and her 
own house respectively to change clothes, came back with Yoshino, Natsumi, 
Mukuro, alongside Nia and Miku, who had their own houses in the city. Even 
<Ratatoskr>'s analytic officer, Murasame Reine, was among the crowd lined up 
inside the room. Perhaps, Kotori had invited everyone over to discuss today's 
events. 

"Un.?" 

Right then, as a consequence of seeing Shidou's and Kotori's posture in the living 
room reflected upon their sight, everyone without exception became startled 
with dumbstruck expressions within their eyes. 

"Wa.Why is Kotori lying on the sofa teary-eyed and with her body twitching!?" 

".Eh, what is this? What happened?" 

"Ah, no, this is because." 

Turning over to that direction, Shidou tried to explain the circumstances at a 
breathtaking momentum as a few of the Spirits began to let their imaginations 
run wild. 

However, Kotori was a step faster than him. She brushed it aside when he tried to 
stand up before suddenly throwing herself into Yuzuru's embrace. Incidentally, 
the person closest to her was not Yuzuru but rather Miku, who had sneaked there 
through splendid steps. 

"Fuah! Everyone, listen to me.Shidou, he, Shidou, he.ha!" 

While pretending to cry, Kotori buried her face in Yuzuru's chest. Seeing Kotori in 
this uncharacteristic reaction, the Spirits stared at Shidou with stunned aspects. 

"S-Shidou!? What did you do to Kotori!" 

"There, there, Kotori, everything is fine now." 

"Aiyaa, sorry. Boy. Did we get in the way of this wonderful thing of yours?" 

"Ei-" 


As the Spirits all gave a wide variety of reactions, Shidou could not help but raise 


52 










CHAPTER 2 - TIDE OF BATTLE 


the tone of his voice. 

"W-Wait a minute, you're all wrong! This isn't.!" 

"Doubt. Wrong? What is?" 

"What Kotori said of course-" 

All of a sudden, Shidou's body started trembling. Kotori had only said, 'Shidou, 
he.' What was spoken did not technically constitute as a lie. 

In that instant, while Kotori was tightly clinging onto Yuzuru, her lips flashed a 
slightly evil smirk in Shidou's direction. 

"Y-You're scheming against me, Kotori!" 

"What are you talking about?! Don't shift your responsibilities onto Kotori!" 

"A-Are you okay, Kotori-san." 

"Ahn! Always Kotori! Unfair!." 

"Is she still your little sister? Are little sisters better? It must be fortunate to have 
prepared the adoption documents beforehand, Oni -chan." 

"Don't you think your reaction's getting more and more ridiculous!?" 

Such words filled with blame, envy, and demand fired at him from everyone's 
mouth, Shidou yelled a scream thick with lament. 

-About ten minutes after the turmoil subsided. 

In the end, Kotori, who failed to eschew laughing soon afterwards, explained the 
situation to everyone. 

.Incidentally, during the ensuing chaos with everybody crowded together, 

some of the clothing worn on Shidou's person had gone missing somehow, the 
culprit ultimately getting away with it. To be exact, there had been three 
suspects, only escaping conviction on account of insufficient evidence. 

Later, it was discovered that all the suspects at the time had been colluding 

together; leading to this affair being termed the 1-2-9 incident.but that was 

another story. 

".So that's the matter at hand." 


53 









CHAPTER 2 - TIDE OF BATTLE 


After clarifying, Kotori looked on to the Spirits in the living room in the direction 
of a full circle. 

Yoshino and Natsumi nervously gulped. 

Though it was impossible to avoid, Kotori had explained not only her quarrel with 

Shidou, but also the appearance of the Worst Spirit, Kurumi, at school-and 

how Kurumi had purposed a match to Shidou. 

Of course, Tohka, Origami, and the Yamai sisters, who had been there at school, 
as well as Reine, who had been onboard <Fraxinus>, already knew about the 
detailed circumstances. 

However, the Spirits that did not attend Raizen High School fell short of that 
opportunity. 

They were likely thinking about the future as the circumstances were conveyed to 
them too. 

"Please also be cautious, everyone. Since Kurumi's goal is the Spirits' reiryoku, the 
possibility of her appearing before you isn't zero." 

"Y-Yes." 

".I understand. I won't leave the house." 

Seeing Natsumi clinging onto to her knees in fright, Kotori gave out a wry smile. 

"No, I didn't get to finish speaking.<Ratatoskr> will also strengthen its 

alertness." 

Then, the girl sitting beside her-Mukuro spoke up in almost a whisper. 

"Fumu.Muku fathoms naught." 

She tilted her head to a degree in a cute gesture. In accordance to that act, her 
long blonde hair stroked the surface of the sofa. Once, during the past few days, 
Shidou had cut the tips of her hair, but that dazzling mane still boasted as the 
longest among the Spirits. 

"Un? What is it?" 

"The reiryoku of the Spirits to seek.'Tis fair. Rightly so, then for what avail 

needs Kurumi said reiryoku? Wherefore covets she through toilsome means to 
acquire it?" 


54 









CHAPTER 2 - TIDE OF BATTLE 


"That." 

As Mukuro asked those questions, Shidou found it difficult to provide a coherent 
answer. 

Indeed, it was just as Mukuro had pronounced. Over half a year had passed since 
Kurumi first appeared before Shidou. Sometimes as an enemy and other times as 
an ally who would lend him her power, she had never disclosed what she planned 
to do with that reiryoku nonetheless. 

"Fuh, it's not impossible for me to personally understand. Beyond life as a Spirit, it 
is not unnatural to seek being the strongest!" 

Kaguya spoke while striking an exaggeratedly stylish pose. Sitting beside her, 
Yuzuru breathed out a sigh. 

"Sigh. It would be simple to deal with if Kurumi is as simple as Kaguya." 

"D-Don't make me sound like an idiot!" 

"Denial. I did not say that. In this world, a simple person is the strongest. Being 
simple is the best. In other words, Kaguya is the strongest." 

"Eh, really!? K-Kukuku.! That is to say, Yuzuru, even you understand that!" 

Kaguya once again struck an elated pose. Yuzuru turned towards Shidou, shooting 
out glance that seemed to say, 'I wonder.' Not knowing how to respond to that, 
Shidou could only move forward with a botched ambiguous smile. 

At that moment, Shidou noticed, while floating between the previous 
conversation, that Nia's normal cheerful demeanor had been replaced by serious 
expression immersed in thought. 

".? What's wrong, Nia? Is your stomach upset from eating something bad?" 

"Yes, yes, early this morning I picked up some candy lying on the side of the 
road.about this big!" 

With a flashy snap of her wrist, Nia perfectly inserted herself into the role of a 
tsukkomi. 

Seeing this, Shidou exhaled a sigh of relief. 

"Good, it's the usual Nia." 


55 








CHAPTER 2 - TIDE OF BATTLE 


"What's that supposed to mean. Boy?" 

With half-opened eyes, Nia asked back. In response, Shidou lowered his head, as 
if saying, 'No, don't pay attention to that.' 

"Well, forget about it. Compared to that, I have a little bit of info pertaining to 
Kurumin's goal." 

".! What.!" 

As Kotori made a startled expression after hearing Nia's words, Nia could only 
helplessly shrug her shoulders in return. 

"It can't be helped that you are surprised. Sorry, sorry, I didn't intend to hide it, 
but." 

"Nia, you are actually calling Kurumi, 'Kurumin'.I?" 

"Hey, focus on what was said first!" 

As Nia put on a tsukkomi role once again, Shidou found himself reflexively 
applauding with his hands. 

"Aaah, really, even Imouto-chan is like this! When all's said and done, this is the 
image the Itsuka siblings have of me!" 

As Nia pouted her lips in dissatisfaction, Shidou made a wry smile as he 
exchanged glances with Kotori. 

"After aII." 

"Exactly." 

"Really!" 

Just like in a manga, the angry Nia raised her hand in protest. Kotori spoke out in 
order to calm her down. 

My apologies, that's my fault.But really? Did you investigate Kurumi's goals 

during the time when <Rasiel> was still in a completed state?" 

"Un.Aaahh, well, what you said is half-right." 

Nia cleared her throat with a cough before continuing to speak. 


56 












CHAPTER 2 - TIDE OF BATTLE 


"Naturally, it was before Boy sealed my reiryoku.I was in my room, when 

suddenly a black Spirit popped out from the shadows." 

"I Nia, you've met with Kurumil?" 

"Moreover, listening to your story, it doesn't seem like a coincidence. Why did 
she seek you out." 

As the volume of both Shidou's and Kotori's voices rose from being surprised, Nia 
spread out the palm of her hand as though to tell them to calm down first before 
continuing. 

"Somehow, it seemed that there was something she wanted me to investigate 
through <Rasiel>. Well, although I honestly thought to refuse, after looking up 
Kurumin's Angel, it looked super strong. Ah, I thought I couldn't win, so I 
obediently investigated for her. I'm sorry for being faint." 

".No, your judgment was correct. So, what in the world did Kurumi want to 

know?" 

As Kotori asked, Nia corrected the position of her glasses with a push before 
answering. 

"-Information about the Spirit of Origin." 

"Spirit." 

"Of Origin.?" 

In response to what Nia just said, question marks floated above the heads of the 
Spirits. 

"Yeah, it was thirty years ago when the First Spirit appeared in this world. 
Kurumin wanted to know that the exact location and time that person appeared, 
and also the power they had. 

-All in order to kill that person." 

"What." 

Hearing such disturbing details spew out of Nia's mouth, Shidou instinctively 
creased his brows. 

"To kill.? The First Spirit? That's Kurumi's goal?" 


57 











CHAPTER 2 - TIDE OF BATTLE 


"At least to the extent of how much I know, although even I don't know why she 
wants to kill the First Spirit." 

While Nia embarrassingly scratched her face, she muttered, "At the time I didn't 
expect in my wildest dreams that <Rasiel> would be taken away, ah." 

Kotori tossed an unwrapped Chupa-Chups into her mouth, stirring the stick up 
and down as her face showed a difficult expression. 

"To kill the First Sprit.I understand why she'd want to know the power of the 

First Spirit, but why would she inquire the location and time of when it first 
appeared in this world." 

"-From 30 years ago, at that point in time to ensure the existence of that Spirit 

becomes nothing." 

As Origami answered back the exact thing she was trying to figure out, Kotori 
raised her head in surprise. 

"Eh? Do you know something?" 

"That's not the case. But in the past-when I relied on Kurumi in the previous 

world, she had said such a thing." 

Origami spoke in a quiet tone. 

That's right, in order to save her parents from the fate of their deaths, Origami 
had once traveled back in time to the past through Kurumi's Angel <Zafkiel>. 

"So that's it.By taking advantage of her Angel <Zafkiel>, Kurumi can really 

accomplish travelling through time. So that's why she needs the reiryoku Shidou's 
sealed up until now. In order to kill the First Spirit, which appeared 30 years ago 
and erase its existence from history." 

After identifying this point, Kotori made an astringent expression as she scratched 
her head. 

"Aahh, really. That just raises even more questions. Kurumi desires reiryoku to 

use a bullet to travel back into the past.For the purpose of killing the First 

Spirit? Why in the world would she want to do that?" 

"From this point onward, we are approaching mere speculation. It is too 
dangerous to grow invested at this stage with such scarce information, even if the 
outline of what we do know right now is meaningful." 


58 









CHAPTER 2 - TIDE OF BATTLE 


Origami spoke back in a flat manner, while staring directly at Kotori. In turn, 

Kotori gave a defeated sigh as she gently nodded her head. 

".Yeah, thanks for the advice too." 

In order to calm herself down, Kotori took a deep breath in and pressed against 
her forehead with a thud. 

"Nevertheless, in order to succeed in the battle with Kurumi, we must clarify her 
motives as soon as possible. Obviously, the motives of our side have already been 
exposed, but the aspirations of the other side still remain concealed within fog. 

No matter how you say it, it's too disadvantageous." 

"Un." 

Hearing Kotori's words, Shidou broke out in cold sweat. 

Certainly, it was a considerable advantage to know what the other party was 
seeking, especially in a match where the person who falls in love first loses. If one 
were to describe the current situation, it'd be like approaching Kurumi completely 
naked while she was wearing extra layers of armor." 

Being forced to be aware of his own thoughtlessness once again, Shidou bitterly 
distorted an unpleasant facial expression. 

Watching Shidou let out such a look, Kotori shrugged her shoulders. 

"There's no need to make an expression like a Chihuahua stuck in the rain. Like I 
said earlier, in that situation you had no choice but to accept Kurumi's proposal. 
Even if communications hadn't been cut off, what's happening now wouldn't 
change. Let's talk about what to do next." 

"Ah, yes." 

After listening to what Kotori had to say, Shidou also gave an affirmative nod in 
response. 

Then, Shidou patted down his cheeks to bestir his fighting spirit. If he were to 
allow his sister to get worried about the feelings of anxiety resurfacing on his 
face, he would be a disgrace as an older brother. 

At that moment, Shidou remembered the words that Kotori had mentioned 
before. 

"Ah.That's right, Kotori. What happened when communications were 

59 








CHAPTER 2 - TIDE OF BATTLE 


interrupted? I was worried because I heard something resembling panic." 

"Ahhh." 

For some reason, Kotori crossed her arms and made a difficult expression. 

"Now that I think about it, we still haven't told you yet.At that time, there was 

a strange reaction on <Ratatoskr>'s radar." 

"Strange reaction?" 

"That's correct, although it happened suddenly; I can't believe it in the least, 
but." 

"-Allow me to explain that part." 

Then, barging in on Kotori, a voice echoed from behind them. 

As Shidou turned in the direction of that voice, his eyes cracked open in wide 
shock at the figure of the person standing there. 

It was a girl about the same height as Kotori. Her hair was tied up in a single 
ponytail and there was distinctive mole underneath her eye. More importantly, 
right now her entire body was covered with poultice and a bandage plaster. 

"Manal?" 

Over there stood Shidou's reallyounger sister, Takamiya Mana. 

"When did you.More than that, where did you get those injuries! Are you 

alright!?" 

"It's no big deal. Just a scratch." 

As Mana smiled while waving her hand with a flutter, Kotori glared at her with a 
displeased expression. 

"You.If I recall properly, didn't I let you go to the medical pod for treatment?" 

"Haha.Sorry, I'll return after I'm finished talking. Just for a second.There's 

something I need to tell Ni-sama and the others. 

Mana's smile quietly faded from her countenance as she turned around, her eyes 
displaying a more serious gaze towards Shidou. 


60 












CHAPTER 2 - TIDE OF BATTLE 


"What do you want to tell us?" 

"Yes, to Ni -sama and the others, while you were talking to <Nightmare>- 

Tokisaki Kurumi, about what happened during then." 

Mana sat down on an empty chair as she continued on. 

-The attack by Ellen Mathers was aimed at Shidou. 

Alongside the countless girls she summoned. 

"What." 

After being shot with such unforeseen information, Shidou's breathing turn 
chaotic for a moment. No, not just Shidou, all of the Spirits present at the scene 
all revealed astonished expressions. 

"H-How." 

"Was such a thing going on.?" 

"Gumuu.A secret hidden to protect everyone... Damn, even I would want to 

try something this cool." 

"But what in the world are those girls Ellen summoned." 

Mana slowly shook her head in response to Shidou's question. 

"It's not clear, but it's the first time I've seen so many people with identical faces 
besides <Nightmare>; to be sure they aren't an ordinary existence." 

As if having no other alternative, Mana shrugged her shoulders in despair. 

However, Kotori resumed to ask Mana another query. 

"-And so? Even we knew this much. There's no way you came all the way here 

to just say that much, right? Honestly, you sure take after Shidou's shortcomings 
in terms of rashness, but even an idiot should be able to judge what is necessary 
or not." 

Mana raised the corners of her lips in a slight pout. 

"It's an honor to be told so by Kotori-san.-Well, that's certainly true, but 

there's one thing I haven't asked Kotori-san yet." 


61 









CHAPTER 2 - TIDE OF BATTLE 


"-Why couldn't you predict Ellen's attack?" 

Kotori's eyes slightly winced, Mana nodding as if figuring she had posed the 
correct question. 

".? What's going on? Did Kotori request somebody to guard Mana?" 

"There was no such expectation. If I'd known DEM was preparing an attack, I 

would have told Shidou and the others earlier this morning.Moreover, even 

then I wouldn't have permitted you to deal with them while still recovering. Since 
it helped in the end, I let it slide; if not, should an iron fist sanction be placed?" 

As Kotori glared intently at Mana, the girl murmured a slight laugh to half¬ 
heartedly dodge the statement. 

"W-Well, on the other hand, putting that aside, I learned of Ellen's plan to attack 
just before it happened. But from the beginning of the attack, Ellen suddenly 
appeared at those precise coordinates." 

"I don't understand this. Ellen was in a perfect state of stealth; to the extent that 
we couldn't event detect her until the beginning of the battle. Mana, how did you 
learn about this?" 

Mana exhaled with reserve. 

"Though I hate to say it, the reason is simple. Somebody told me beforehand." 
"Someone told you? Who?" 

"-<Nightmare>, Tokisaki Kurumi." 

".Ha?" 

Shidou was so nonplussed that his eyes changed into two blank dots. 

"W-Wait a minute, what do you mean Kurumi told you?" 

"It's just as I had said, but let me go on-Yesterday, that woman suddenly 

appeared in my room. I thought she'd come to attack while I was sleeping, so I cut 
off her head without asking anything." 


For Mana to say something so terrible so casually, although it was the firmly 
rooted cycle of conflict between mutual adversaries, the girl was as aggressive as 


62 









CHAPTER 2 - TIDE OF BATTLE 


ever. 

But Mana went on without so much as a sliver of disquietude. 

"Several clones then appeared saying they wanted to talk. Well, at the time, I 
thought she should be able to recite their last words as a knife was aimed at her 
neck-." 


"Did she tell you about Ellen's attack?" 

"That's right." 

Mana gave an exaggerated nod in consent, but Kotori's stringent facial expression 
towards her didn't waver the slightest. 

".So Mana-chan, did you really think it was really clever to keep this secret from 

me?" 

"Un." 

As Mana's shoulders started to tremble, Kotori replied with a dry smile. 

"No, it's not like that, Kotori-san. I wasn't trying to hide it, though it's strange to 
believe what that woman says in the first place." 

"But didn't you come to that place because you believed in Kurumi's words?" 

"No.I thought that it was a trap and you had gotten hurt.Though if I had 

told Kotori-san, she definitely wouldn't have let me go." 

"Hoho? So you did understand. Were you expecting a nice chat about this later?" 

"Un, it seems my chronic illness has flared up." 

Immediately afterward, Mana clutched onto her chest, collapsing onto the floor 
with a puff, but Kotori was more worried about the meaning of this as she 
leisurely waved her hand. 

"Ah, yes, yes, how serious. Next time we're going to have to accommodate you 
with an even more rigorous medical institution." 

"Un.ah, it seemed to be just my imagination." 

Mana quickly stood up as if nothing had happened. 


63 










CHAPTER 2 - TIDE OF BATTLE 


Seeing this, Kotori gave out a sigh as she raised her hand to rethink. 

"Anyway, the top priority right now is the issue with Kurumi." 

"Ah, why did Kurumi tell Mana about Ellen's attack and how did she learn that 
information in the first place." 

After listening to Shidou, Origami exhibited a faint look when she responded. 

"Couldn't the reason she told Mana the information about Ellen's assault be that 
she wanted to simply stop the attack? Since Tokisaki Kurumi is after the reiryoku 
sealed within Shidou, it is clear she does not want to see DEM succeed. Also, she 
can command several clones to conduct espionage activities. It's not 
unimaginable that she learned about DEM's plan in the process." 

As Origami indifferently set out her answer, Shidou gave a small groan as he 
placed his hand against his chin. 

"Un.Well, just as you said." 

"Is there any part you are confused about?" 

"Ah.no, I didn't mean it like that." 

Shidou returned a rather ambiguous reply. 

What Origami had said was reasonable. But why? For a moment, the image of 
Kurumi's face flashed in his mind, enkindling a strange discomforting feeling that 
obstructed Shidou's thoughts. 

Nonetheless, it wasn't good to bemuse everyone further for such vague reasons. 
Shidou gently nodded his head. 

"No-nothing, anyway let's prepare for tomorrow." 

"Alright, we'll continue the investigation from our side. But the most important 
task is for Shidou to take the initiative and not be caught up in Kurumi's pace. You 
absolutely cannot be careless." 

"Aah.I understand." 

A great many mysteries still beclouded Kurumi. It would be a lie to say that he 
wasn't uneasy about being in a match with such a girl. 

Yet as long as there was a chance for victory, he would be able to seal her 










CHAPTER 2 - TIDE OF BATTLE 


reiryoku. 

In order to calm his mind, Shidou pushed his head forward. 


ooo 


However, the next morning. 

"What.!?" 

The early morning ushered the collapsed of the tranquil mind that Shidou had 
spent the entire night cultivating. 

But no other alternative was available, after all. 

"-Ufufu, hello, Shidou-san. It really is a good morning today." 

Ready to head for school, Shidou opened the door to find Kurumi waiting there in 
a soot-black jacket and vaunting an exceptionally alluring smile. 

"K-Kurumi." 

"Hehe, what have you been doing, Shidou-san? To have such an expression on 
your face." 

Seeing something funny, Kurumi discharged a boisterous laugh that gradually 
turned into slight giggle. Shidou shook his shoulders and took in a profound 
breath to lull his heartbeat. 

Despite his prospects having appeared favourable yesterday, her sudden arrival 
was all it took to fluster him. 

"No.I was just a little bit startled by you. Why are you here?" 

"Ara, ara, is it so strange for classmates to go to school together?" 

".That's right, it's not a bit surprising at all." 

Although sweat was dripping down his cheeks, Shidou turned around to retort. 
Yes, it shouldn't be surprising at all. The match against Kurumi had already begun. 

65 









CHAPTER 2 - TIDE OF BATTLE 


It would be better to say that Shidou should have taken care to reflect on that. 

However, he couldn't just obediently follow Kurumi's pace either. His mouth 
gaped open while making a fearless smile. 

"But for you to go as far as to meet up with me.Are you interested in me?" 

"Ufufu, and what of it?" 

She briskly strode towards Shidou, intertwining her arms round his. 

As Kurumi drew closer to him, the sudden bodily contact caused a burst of 
dizziness for Shidou's health. 

"All right, shall we head out?" 

In that manner, Shidou was partially pressurised towards walking on the road. 

However, having Kurumi take the lead did no harm. Shidou secretly used his free 
arm to take out a compact intercom concealed in his pocket and placed it in his 
ear. A few seconds after turning the switch on, a voice was heard coming from 
the intercom. 

".Un, what's the matter. Shin?" 

With a soporific voice calling out Shidou's name with a distinctive nickname, that 
person was without a doubt Reine. 

The existence of support possessing a bird's eye view of the situation soothed his 
heart a little. As Shidou exhaled lightly, he whispered back in a quiet voice to 
avoid being heard by Kurumi. 

".I'm sorry, Reine-san. It's an emergency." 

".Is it Kurumi?" 

After a momentary pause, Reine seemed to grasp the situation. Shidou took the 
silence as her positive affirmation. 

".The challenge started sooner than expected. I'll go call Kotori. Meanwhile, 

you should also talk with her; it's not good to remain silent." 

In the absence of a specific communication destination, the intercom had 
specifications to contact the bridge of the aerial warship <Fraxinus> floating 
above Tenguu City. Normally, communications from Shidou was handled by its 

66 









CHAPTER 2 - TIDE OF BATTLE 


Commander, Kotori. But right now, Shidou knew better than anyone that Kotori 
was still in the Itsuka household. 

Shidou cleared his throat to show his consent before resuming the conversation 
with Kurumi. 

"-Even so, today's really cold, though that might be natural since it's 

February." 

"Yes, yes, but it will be warmer this way." 

After saying that, Kurumi tightened her grip. 

" . !?" 

Shidou's body froze as he inevitability started trudging unnaturally, just like a 
robot. But of course, that was to be expected. 

Kurumi was surely terrifying. Up till now, having already consumed many people, 
she truly lived up to the nickname the Worst Spirit. 

But before that-she was a beautiful girl. 

Sleek black hair and smooth skin, coupled with a graceful and dignified 
appearance-not only that. 

Her body exuded a faint aromatic scent, alongside what seemed to be the fleeting 
snap of her slender fingers. With each detailed gesture, everything provided a 
strong stimulus to Shidou's nerves. 

"Ugn." 

"Calm down. Shin. Your heart rate is rising." 

Just as Reine had said, entrusting himself to his emotions would only lead to ruin. 
In order to bring peace to his mind, Shidou chanted (a vague recollection of) the 
Heart Sutra. 

However. 

".Fu." 

"Huff." 

Inadvertently, Kurumi breathed into Shidou's ear, and with the unanticipated 


67 









CHAPTER 2 - TIDE OF BATTLE 


sensation, he couldn't help but issue a small moan of lament. 

"Ara, ara." 

Hearing such amusing reaction stem from Shidou, Kurumi chuckled from the 
bottom of her heart. 

"Shidou-san, you really have such a cute voice. 

"You." 

Like always, he felt like a plaything dancing within the palm of Kurumi's hand. 

It couldn't go on like this. Attempting a comeback, Shidou unclogged his throat by 
coughing a few times. 

However, precisely at that timing, Kurumi once again nudged Shidou a bit, 
proceeding to lead him to a different route to school than usual. 

"Hey, Kurumi, where are you going?" 

"Ufufu, there's still quite a bit of time before class begins. Wouldn't taking a slight 
detour be fine?" 

"Ha.? What are you saying.?" 

Uttering so, Shidou gently tapped on the intercom, requesting the judgment of 
the support side. 

After a single beat, the sound of a different voice was heard from the intercom. 

"-From here on out, let's first act in accordance with Kurumi's wishes. If 

there's any danger, we'll have your back." 

A quite familiar voice, it was Kotori. It appeared she had rushed to <Fraxinus> 
from the Itsuka residence. 

Behaving as if he was absorbing ideas from both Kurumi and Kotori at the same 
time, Shidou gently nodded his head to show his consent to both conversations. 

".Okay. I guess it's fine every now and then. Is there someplace you want to 

stop by?" 

"No, I just want to stay a little longer beside Shidou-san." 


68 








CHAPTER 2 - TIDE OF BATTLE 


"Haha.Those words sure can make a guy happy." 

Shidou laughed as he began to reflect over this simultaneously. 

So far he had only been on the defensive; there must be some way or another to 

break Kurumi's composure even by a little-While thinking that, Shidou briefly 

cried out an 'ah' sound. 

"That's right; can you accompany me for a while? There's a place I want to show 
you at least once." 

".Eh?" 

Kurumi narrowed her eyes as though amused with Shidou's tries at a 
counterattack. 

"That's really something to look forward to. Ufufu, thank you for the trouble." 
"Oh, then should we get going?" 

"As you wish." 

When Kurumi responded with a smile, Shidou continued walking on the street 
while maintaining the posture of his arms firmly cross-linked with Kurumi's hands. 

After a few minutes elapsed, the two of them entered a small rear alley. 

Arriving at that place, the sensation of Kurumi's shaking was being transmitted to 
his arm. 

".Shidou-san, where is this?" 

Kurumi let out a shivering voice while looking out at the view spread out in front 
of her. 

But it was no wonder that happened. After all, the back ally was a gathering place 
for cats of all sorts and sizes. 

That's correct. Scarce information regarding Kurumi occurred when compared to 

the other Spirits-But it was well known that she was rather fond of animals 

(cats in particular). 

"Ah, I accidentally came across you here a while ago; it looks like a spot where 
wild cats gather.Kurumi, don't you like cats?" 


69 








CHAPTER 2 - TIDE OF BATTLE 


"l-lt's not like I've any particular fondness of them." 

Kurumi tried to cast it aside in a doughty manner. But at a quick glance, it could 
be easily inferred that the surface of her face flushed with a somewhat red tint. 

It seemed that the results had exceeded his expectations. In order to steer clear 
of agitating all of them, Shidou tiptoed past them and bent down to his knees to 
gently stroke the back of the farthest out tiger cat. 

"Look, they seem pretty familiar with people. How about it, would you also like to 
try as well Kurumi?" 

".! Well, if Shidou-san would go this far to insist, then I suppose I would have to 

try." 

Kurumi made a happy expression as if she were waiting for Shidou to say those 
words. 

While squatting down beside him, she extended her hand out to the tiger cat. 

However, just as Kurumi's hand was on the verge of contact, the tiger cat 
vigilantly elevated its face. 

Then, Kurumi took a step forward, making an action beyond Shidou's 
expectations. 

"It's all right. I'm not that frightening. Meow." 

Yes, Shidou didn't hear that wrong. Kurumi had actually said that to the cat in a 
very coaxing voice. Even then, she proffered her fingertips just like a swaying 
green foxtail in sync with the cat's quivering tail. 

".Oh?" 

Shidou was stunned. Although he had known she liked cats, he never believed 
Kurumi could verbalise a voice like that. 

"Meow, meow." 

Kurumi didn't seem to pay attention to Shidou's reaction as she slowly moved her 
fingertips closer. 

However, the tiger cat seemed to hold Kurumi's actions as suspicious, and quickly 
slipped through her grasp and ran away. 


70 






CHAPTER 2 - TIDE OF BATTLE 


"Ah." 

Kurumi was struck by an expression of shock as she looked in the direction the 
tiger cat fled. 

Gazing at a comical expression that wasn't shown very often, Shidou felt a little 
sorry as he let out a slight chuckle. 

a | tt 


At that time, as if noticing at last, Kurumi breathed out a 'Ha!' sounding sigh with 
embarrassment. 

"W-What's the matter, Shidou-san?" 

"No.Haha, sorry, I didn't mean it in a bad way." 

Shidou spoke out while unable to stop the laughter coming out of his mouth, 
eliciting a dissatisfied pout from Kurumi. Although her expression was very cute, it 
wasn't his intention to upset her. So, Shidou pointed to another cat still rolling on 
the ground. 

"Look, there are still other cats, why don't you try and stroke them?" 

"Forget about it, I hadn't any intention to pet them to begin with. And in the 
event that I retry, they will certainly try to flee again." 

As Kurumi spoke out in an annoyed tsun manner, Shidou made a wry smile to 
comfort her. 

"Don't say such a thing. Hey, hey, you should be fine next time. Meow." 

ti | // 


Catching Shidou imitate her previous behavior, Kurumi's face blushed beet red. 

Staring at Shidou with an angry glare, Kurumi abruptly narrowed her eyes, having 
thought up an idea. 

".You've asked for it. Then-" 

Kurumi flashed a mischievous smile while delicately tickling Shidou's neck. 

"Hiya!?" 


71 










CHAPTER 2 - TIDE OF BATTLE 


"Ufufu, so it is true. Petting a child right now would make him well-behaved." 
"Y-You." 

Hit by this sudden attack, Shidou's cheeks turned red while Kurumi stroked his 
head with a chuckle. 

"Ufufu, such a good child. Come, what did you say earlier? Meow?" 

".Ugu. M-Meow." 

Since he had said it was no problem just now, Shidou was unable to pull away 
from Kurumi's grasp. For a while Shidou had no choice but to endure Kurumi's 
cheerful caress. 

-About twenty minutes later, Shidou and Kurumi eventually reached the 

school, just a hair's breadth away from the school bell about to chime. 

"Shidou!" 

"Shidou." 

Inside the classroom, having arrived earlier, Tohka and Origami scurried to call 
out to him. 

Shidou gently lifted his hand in response. 

"Oh, Tohka, Origami, good morning." 

"Umu, good morning, Shidou.That's not it. Are you okay, Shidou? I was 

worried about you!" 

Tohka wrinkled her brows. 

But that was inevitable. Tohka, who lived in the Spirit mansion next to the Itsuka 
residence, always went to school together with Shidou. It was no wonder for her 
to be worried sick if he hadn't appeared in front of the house. 

But just as Shidou was all set to apologise for this matter. Origami moved her 
mouth one step quicker. 

"This morning, there was a traffic accident at the intersection of the 2nd district in 
town. We were worried that you were involved in it because of being late." 

"Eh.?" 


72 








CHAPTER 2 - TIDE OF BATTLE 


Shidou was quite familiar with that crossroad. After all, under normal 
circumstances, that was the direction he passed through every day to get to 
school. However, he didn't know anything about this incident at all until hearing 
this story from Origami. 

It wasn't because that accident did not happen until after Shidou had already 
passed the intersection. No, to put it simply, Shidou did not cross through that 
intersection today. 

Because- 

"-Ufufu, good morning, Tohka-san, Origami-san." 

At that moment, Kurumi's voice echoed from behind his back, prompting a hue of 
vigilance to quickly shade Tohka and Origami's facial expressions. 

"Mu.Kurumi." 

"As I thought, this is your crafty plot." 

"'Crafty plot', it truly pains me to hear that. I was merely walking to school with 
Shidou-san. 

Could there be any wrong in that?" 

Under those circumstances, Kurumi gently returned the fierce glares from those 
two. Shidou could hear the other classmates who were watching the scene 
whisper, "Shuraba. 

Shuraba." 

"Well, it is nearly time for the teacher to arrive. Ufufu, I look forward to today, 
Shidou-san." 

After deliberately provoking them with such an affectionate mannerism, Kurumi 
sauntered towards her seat. 


In absolute silence, Shidou stared at her back. 
There wasn't any special significance. 

But how was he to say it? 


73 








CHAPTER 2 - TIDE OF BATTLE 


It felt as though there was a sibylline atmosphere around Kurumi's manoeuvre. 

"Mu.? What's wrong, Shidou?" 

"! Ah.no." 

Accosted by Tohka without warning, Shidou's shoulders slightly trembled. 

"It's nothing. Kurumi's right; we should also head back to our seats." 

He placed his bag on the desk. 

Tohka tilted her head curiously for a moment, but as the teacher entered the 
classroom, she turned back to her seat with compliance. 


ooo 


"Kukuku." 

"Kukuku." 

"How is it going, me? " 

"Yes, yes, with this it ought to be in accordance with the 'schedule'." 
"Is it number 193, me?" 

"The connection with the liaison has already been disconnected." 
"Perhaps already." 

"Ara, ara." 

"Is it number 238, me?" 

"There too is the same." 

"Just now." 

"Ara, ara, ara." 


74 






CHAPTER 2 - TIDE OF BATTLE 


"It's really sad." 

"How regretful." 

"How ruthless." 

"How impermanent." 

"Ah, ah, but." 

"Yes, yes, this is no time for us to remain stagnate." 
"It's almost the time for the next scheduled time." 
"So, let's head out." 

"Take care, me." 

"Let's meet again someday." 

"Yes, yes." 

"Some day on the journey to Hades." 

"Some day in a prison within helall." 




A chime indicating the end of the fourth class resounded throughout the school. 


After hearing the bell, Shidou clenched his fist to heighten his resolve. 

This was a matter of course. With the fourth period's conclusion, it signaled the 
beginning of lunch break. 

In other words, the sound of the bell was nothing more than a symbol for the 
arrival of lunch time. 

Shidou's battle against Kurumi concerning who would fall in love first had begun 


75 





CHAPTER 2 - TIDE OF BATTLE 


yesterday. 

Although the assault this morning was unpredicted, his advantage in this fight lay 
during the lunch break. 

He tidied away his textbook, fishing out a lunchbox (weapon) from his bag in its 
stead. 

Then, just as if this timing had been rearranged beforehand, a silhouette came 
into appearance at the edge of his sight-Kurumi. 

"Ufufu, hey, Shidou-san, why don't we have lunch together?" 

With a grin, she brought out her lunch box not a second later. However, behind 
that exuberant smile hid a dangerous mood in the air as it was her evident plan to 
fetch her weapon of choice. 

Apparently, Kurumi must have hatched the same idea. 

But Shidou also had no intent of being captured by this plan. Feeling a little 
nervous at the same time, he stood up to respond to Kurumi. 

"Ah, of course, but here isn't good. Since this is a rare opportunity, let's go the 
rooftop together." 

"Gladly." 

Kurumi nodded with a smile before turning to Origami and Tohka, who were 
sitting beside Shidou with eyes full of wariness. 

"-How about we go along with Tohka-san and Origami-san? You may also 

invite Kaguya-san and Yuzuru-san as well. Since it will be harder to cling onto the 
door like yesterday." 

"Wha.!" 


Kurumi gave a slight giggle as Tohka and Origami each issued their respective 
reactions. 

For a moment, Shidou couldn't understand why Kurumi would say that, but- 

he soon immediately guessed the reason. 

"Tohka, Origami, maybe the two of you shouldn't." 

76 







CHAPTER 2 - TIDE OF BATTLE 


n 


n 


As Shidou was about to finish, the two of them looked away, flushed with 
discomfiture. It seemed that they had been eavesdropping behind the door when 
he had been talking to Kurumi yesterday. 

Although at the time nothing had happened, for them to run out he must have 
really gotten them worried. Shidou made a wry smile to say thank you. 

"Anyway, let's go. I don't want to waste our precious lunch break." 

"Yes, that's right." 

Shidou and Kurumi inadvertently nodded to each other as they set out. Behind 
them, Tohka and Origami followed suit at a later pace. After going to the 
classroom next door to invite Kaguya and Yuzuru, all of the pedestrians set foot 
on the stairs to the rooftop. 

Unlike yesterday, the sun was illuminating them with warm comfort. Shidou 
gently stretched his body as he headed towards the direction of the railing to 
slowly sit on the bench. 

After seeing that Kurumi was sitting across him, they exchanged mutual glances 
as Shidou opened the lid to his lunchbox. 

".Hm?" 

Looking inside the lunchbox, Kurumi stopped breathless for a second. 

However, it was impossible to ignore. Since today, Shidou had packed bite-sized 
cat-shaped rice balls; a special custom-made neko lunch. 

"Un, what is it, Kurumi? Something wrong with my lunch?" 

".Heavens, no. I but thought it a most lovely bento." 

Kurumi's face was marred with thin layer of blush, eyes somewhat averted to 
cover it up. In other words, simply looking at it already tugged at her heartstrings. 

The reaction was as expected. Shidou jumped at this opportunity, firing the first 
shot signaling the outbreak of the war. 

"Haha, thanks.-Since I made so much, would you like some, Kurumi?" 

ti | // 


77 








CHAPTER 2 - TIDE OF BATTLE 


Having probably guessed Shidou's aim, Kurumi's eyebrows slightly twitched. 

The feline bento was not limited to appearance only. The refined taste embodied 
Shidou's culinary techniques and gastronomic creativity. 

So far, Shidou had contacted, talked to, and sealed the reiryoku of ten Spirits. 
Although the method of capture on tweaking heartstrings varied from one Spirit 
to another, from his experience, the ' conquer the stomach' approach proved the 
most effective. 

Delicious food could fracture even the innermost line of defense. Of course, 
Shidou didn't think that this alone could win over Kurumi. But it was quite fruitful 
for providing a ten-minute opening among the cracks in her castle-wall defense. 


Kurumi breathed sluggishly to suppress her excitement as she threw out a smile. 

"Well.if you insist. But I would feel bad simply accepting a little." 

As she spoke, Kurumi unlatched her lunchbox to show him. 

"How about a form of exchange here.?" 


Viewing the contents of Kurumi's lunchbox, Shidou had his turn to stand shocked. 

The meal comprised side dishes of bright green, red, and yellow colors well 
blanked with rice. In spite of the menu being quite orthodox, Shidou could clearly 
see that the sumptuous repast was handmade with highly meticulous treatment. 

Shidou was convinced. He hadn't been the only one sharpening the sword to 
pierce his opponent. 

"Fu." 


".Ufufu." 

By chance, Shidou and Kurumi both laughed at each other. 

Observing the two of them, the Spirits all felt a bead of sweat trickle down from 
their faces. 

"M-Mu.What are they doing?" 

78 











CHAPTER 2 - TIDE OF BATTLE 


"A fierce battle of offense and defense is underway right now." 

"This is between mutual masters reading each other's strengths.! I've read this 

before in a manga!" 

"Understanding. I perceive a tremendous aura in the atmosphere." 

As if not to disturb them, Tohka and the others spoke under a whisper. 

When Shidou suddenly raised the corners of his lips, he handed the Nyanko 
lunchbox to Kurumi at his own pace. 

"Come-let's eat." 

Shidou exposed a fearless smile as the lunchboxes were exchanged. 

Faced against this incredible pressure, even Kurumi couldn't help but gulp down 
her saliva. 

-Taken aback by this unexpected attack, it seemed that she had 

underestimated Shidou a bit. 

However, she couldn't afford to betray any weakness here. Kurumi feigned 
composure as she stretched out her hand. 

"All right, itadakimasu." 

But-but before reaching the lunchbox, Kurumi's hands stopped abruptly. 

Arranged inside the lunchbox were shiny white cats made from silken rice, black 
cats whose surfaces were covered in glistening seaweed, and calico cats made 
from finely chopped katsuobushi. With such an assorted array of cats thronged 
together, it was as if they were all appealing, "Please eat me, please eat me." For 
Kurumi, choosing just one would be an impossibly cruel thing to do. 

"Uh.!" 

"Hm? What's wrong? Aren't you going to eat it?" 

Shidou slightly slanted his head as he asked. 

Even though his words and expression sounded normal, right now Kurumi spied a 
villain with a merciless smirk occupy Shidou's face. In addition, in the space 
behind him, a hallucination of various breeds of cats all going 'meow, meow' 
obnubilated her line of sight. 


79 






CHAPTER 2 - TIDE OF BATTLE 


Yet Kurumi absolutely could not yield here. As determination fueled her 
preparation, she picked up one of the black cat rice balls. 

".H-Here, itadakimasu." 

After carefully staring at its lovable face, Kurumi hardened her heart and flung it 
into her mouth. 

a | tt 


-A bursting impact flavour. 

Though she already knew from a clone that Shidou had a habit of cooking, to go 
so far as to achieve something of this level... 

The rich aroma of the organic seaweed tickled her nasal cavity from the inside. 
The next moment, it seemed a lie for rice balls to be able to maintain the shape 
described in their name, as the rice melted in her mouth soon after. The image of 
being surrounded by countless cats mutually cuddling each other was reflected in 
the very center of her mind. 

Ahahaha. Ufufufu. 

However, that wasn't all. The moment the white grains of rice scattered, a juicy 
meat dumpling hidden within revealed itself. 

On top of the bite-sized rice ball, there was the cleverness of further adding 
exquisite design to the meat dumplings. While taking into account the balance 
between plain rice and redolent seasoning, the thick teriyaki sauce led a raid in 
waves. Kurumi writhed in pleasure as though being punched by the soft paws of 
an innumerable number of cats. 

"Ahhh." 

Oral cavity, nasal cavity, esophagus, stomach-places that she would normally 

never be able to reach were caressed by a warm pleasant sensation. Kurumi held 
down her stammering head with her hand as she barely managed to make a 
strong smile. 

"No-as expected of Shidou-san, it was quite delicious." 


80 







CHAPTER 2 - TIDE OF BATTLE 



"Really, that's great. Anything you like is made even better." 


81 



















CHAPTER 2 - TIDE OF BATTLE 


A smile suddenly emerged from Shidou's face. 

But-hence was Kurumi's turn. Kurumi used her chopsticks to pick up a piece of 

deep-fried chicken and delivered it to his mouth. 

"-Come, Shidou-san, say 'Ah'." 

Kurumi spoke as she conferred the chunk of fried chicken. 

"Gu.!" 

Confronted with the destructive power of this situation, Shidou was helplessly 
paralysed in place. Yes, this was a dere battle. The one who had their heart 
snatched first would suffer defeat. 

Not just glamorous cooking alone could decide the outcome. How to make the 
other side to eat their own food also became an important point. 

From this perspective, the method adopted by Kurumi was the most successful 
and reasonable. There existed not a single high school boy who wouldn't be 
happy given an 'ahh' from a cute girl. It was an ideal choice that turned the tables 
with the other party's own upper hand. 

"Oh, what seems to be the matter, Shidou-san?" 

"No.I've already started going, ah." 

While wiping off the perspiration dripping down his face, Shidou opened his 
mouth to gobble up Kurumi's fried chicken. 


For a moment, it felt like an electrical current had bolted through his entire body. 

-Delectable. The quality of the meat was certainly superior, but at the same 

time the cooking procedure had been handled impeccably as well. Pre-seasoning 
through the usage of fragrant garlic instead of ginger, at this point the feelings of 
a maiden were perfectly appreciated. 

However, the true value of the fried chicken was in not only that. 

Incredible.Within his mind could he vividly imagine the morning kitchen 

scenery where Kurumi was wearing an apron over her school uniform and rolling 
up her sleeves to provide a deft posture to begin cooking. 


82 








CHAPTER 2 - TIDE OF BATTLE 


Without a doubt, Kurumi's goal was to obtain the reiryoku sealed inside Shidou, 
but this modified nothing of the fact that she had made lunch while thinking 
about him. This taste was a conscientious creme de la creme made up of 
cherished thoughts for the person who would eventually eat it. 

Since he was capable of cooking on his own, Shidou had few opportunities to eat 
food prepared by someone else. It could be said that this skill constituted the 
fangs of a certain kill technique. 

"Ufufu, how is it, Shidou-san?" 

ti | // 


Hearing Kurumi's words shook Shidou's shoulders back to reality. He wiped away 
the shed tears as he managed to restore his expression to a smile. 

".Ahh, it's so delicious that tears are falling out." 

"Ara, ara, you praise me too much." 

Kurumi maintained an elegant rhythm as she let out a 'hehe' laugh. 

However, it appeared that she had noticed that the flame igniting within Shidou's 
eyes had not yet disappeared. Kurumi swiftly turned her smile into a fearless 
expression. 


Shidou and Kurumi pounced on the opportunity to cross their fields of vision 
against each other; a few seconds later, the two of them made their move at the 
same time. 

"Do you want to eat one more?" 

"The eggs rolls are my most confident work." 

Ding! It resounded like the illusion of two mutual double edge swords clashing 
against each other. Shidou and Kurumi both sensed a droplet a sweat fall down 
their cheeks as they pursed up the corners of their lips and raised their 
lunchboxes simultaneously. 

"Oh.Oh, I don't really understand, but it feels like I'm watching something 

amazing.!" 


83 










CHAPTER 2 - TIDE OF BATTLE 


"Tohka, step down. It's too dangerous to get involved." 

Origami quickly grabbed Tohka's shoulders as if to remind her. Then, elsewhere, 
Kaguya was uttering 'Ku.' in lament as she clenched her fist. 

"What the hell, the two of them are having such a cool duel.! Yuzuru! We 

should also have a match to decide the tie breaker!" 

"Agreement. Accepting the challenge.-How about the curry bread I purchased 

earlier?" 

"Haha. It's a delight of mediocrity. Here, this is my bread, redder than the flow of 
blood (strawberry jam)." 

"Chewing.It tastes ordinary." 

With unintelligible looks, the Yamai sisters both tilted their heads together. 

While they were trying to use bread to decide the winner, the battle between 
Kurumi and Shidou carried on. One after the other, Shidou delivered his calico 
cats encrusted in flaky dried fish toppings. Likewise, Kurumi counterattacked by 
handing out her spinach dish. 

"Wow.This bonito flakes seasoning.It's not just purely soy sauce.!" 

"Ufufu.What about this one here too?" 

".!? T-This thermos, inside is miso soup.!?" 

As the tug of war pushed on for thirty minutes, the two of them noticed that their 
lunchboxes had become empty. 

"Ha.ha." 

"U-Ufufufu." 

At the same time, the two of them wiped the rice grains stuck to their cheeks 
with their thumbs and licked them clean. 

"Call today a draw-okay?" 

"Fu.Very well." 

Then, once again in sync, Shidou and Kurumi clapped their hands together with a 
'pan' 


84 

















CHAPTER 2 - TIDE OF BATTLE 


sound and bowed their heads to display gratitude for the hospitality and warm 
meal. 

Looking at it, the Spirits who were beside them all exclaimed 'Ooh.' as they too 

clapped their hands in applause. 

".Oh? 

Twitching her eyebrow in realisation of something, Kurumi seductively loosened 
the corners of her mouth, letting out a slight giggle as she narrowed the distance. 

"Hey, Shidou-san." 

"W-What is it.?" 

"Please stay still for a bit." 

When Shidou's body stiffened, Kurumi slowly approached her face towards him. 

Her delicate skin enclosed his entire field of vision as a sweet fragrance 
stimulated his nose. 

Every time Kurumi's breath was felt on his neck, it was as though a surge of 
electricity coursed throughout his very brain. 

"Hey.W-What." 

With Kurumi's sudden action, multiple question marks filled Shidou's head. What 
on earth was she doing? No way, a kiss at such timing? Of course, since that was 
Shidou's goal, naturally there was no need to refuse. However, in the absence of a 
high affection level, a kiss did not mean her reiryoku could be successfully sealed. 
The opponent was Kurumi. 

Even though Shidou did a good job this morning, relying on a lunchbox alone 
wouldn't be enough. In other words, it was perfect wasteful kiss, but also a pure 
kiss if one reversed the meaning. Shidou didn't know if he should stop her. While 

deliberating, Kurumi's lips drew closer and closer-The next instant, Kurumi's 

tongue licked Shidou's cheek. 

"Ha.!" 

From this unexpected touch, Shidou couldn't refrain from barking out. 

"Hehe, Shidou-san, there are still a few grains of rice stuck on your face." 


85 











CHAPTER 2 - TIDE OF BATTLE 


As Kurumi pursed her lips, Shidou stared with stunned eyes as he touched the 
place where his cheek had been tickled. 

"Eh.? Are you serious, is this a lie.?" 

Shidou scuffled to double-check his face as it crimsoned. Although his attention 
had been focused on the luncheon warfare, he had believed that the both of 
them had already taken care of any leftover rice sticking on their cheeks. 

Relishing this sight, Kurumi broke out into laughter. 

"Ara, it looks like I understand very clearly." 

".Hey!" 

Although only pleasant words came from Kurumi, Shidou still reflectively 
narrowed his eyes. 

It seemed that his momentary shock had only originated from being licked on the 
cheek. 

Kurumi undeniably saw Shidou's current state with amusement, but then for the 
first time, she turned her eyes towards the other Spirits. 

"Ufufu, how was it, everyone? A bit embarrassing, what with being stared at so 
keenly." 


"1-1 didn't see anything!" 

"Agreement.Yuzuru and everyone had lunch like usual." 

Faced with Kurumi's accusation, the Spirits all communicated their own 
respective thoughts. 

Kurumi followed up laughing as if she had once again heard something amusing 
before slowly standing up. 

"Kurumi?" 

"Ufufu, I'll have to excuse myself first. Shidou-san, the lunchbox was truly 
delicious." 

"Ah, yours was also quite incredible." 


86 










CHAPTER 2 - TIDE OF BATTLE 


After giving his reply, Kurumi once again brought her face closer to Shidou, gently 
brining her fingertips to caress his chin. 

ti | n 


"Hey.Shidou-san. On another topic, have you any plans on Wednesday after 

school?" 

"Wednesday.?" 

That sudden question wrestled in Shidou's head for a moment.But 

immediately afterwards, he realized that it was an invitation from Kurumi. 

Since there was no schedule at all in the first place; no before that, there was 
nothing more that Shidou prioritized currently than Kurumi's capture. The only 
conceivable answer was yes. 


However, after thinking hard for a moment, he looked back at Kurumi with a 
provocative gaze before speaking. 

"I'm sorry, on that day there's something I have to do, which I can't refuse." 
"Ara, is that so?" 

"Ahh-1 mean, I'm thinking about inviting the girl in front of me to a date." 

As Shidou said so, Kurumi eyes widened in surprise. 

"Ara, ara." 

Grinning as if interested in Shidou's choice of words, Kurumi continued on. 

"You've really kept up with the same rhythm, Shidou-san. Then, on that day, 
please give me the time." 

"Ahh, of course.hold on,' give me the time' shouldn't be taken literally." 

Shidou responded to the reply with half-open eyes. It wasn't a funny expression, 
for when used verbatim by Kurumi, who ate human time, it seemed like some 
sinister pun. 

Kurumi was also seemingly aware of the reason behind Shidou's expression, 
slightly swaying her shoulders while laughing. 


87 










CHAPTER 2 - TIDE OF BATTLE 


"Ufufu, you've sure told me something interesting. Of course, you may regard it 
as an idiomatic phrase-in the first instance." 

Kurumi suddenly stopped, but then the fingers that were caressing his chin 
moved up toward his face. 

"Simply have that kind of meaning in your head, Shidou-san. I've plans to achieve 
on that day as well." 


Besides that merry smile, Kurumi's left eye flashed in a flirtatious light; a too 
beautiful, too thoroughly calm, intensely cold and shining willpower. Seeing 
Kurumi's face with such unobtrusive vision, Shidou helplessly swallowed his 
breath. 

"Then, I bid you farewell. Please look forward to it, Shidou-san." 

Slowly making a more relaxed expression, Kurumi turned around and raised the 
hem of her skirt to give a small curtsy to Shidou. 

After this, she returned to the school building at a brisk pace. 

Then, ten seconds passed after the view of her back receded into the school. 

".Ha.!" 

Shidou took in a deep sigh, as though the thread of tension had finally snapped. 
"A-Are you okay, Shidou!?" 

Tohka, who had been sitting on the opposite side of the rooftop, looked over with 
an anxious face. 

"A-Ah.I'm fine... I'm sorry, I understand your worries.Ouch, Origami, that 

hurts." 

Origami was tenaciously wiping Shidou's face with a wet tissue, one completely 
transformed after being drenched in sweat. 

Then, as if to show appreciation to Shidou, Kotori's voice could be heard from the 
intercom. 

"That was hard work, but the results aren't bad. Although Kurumi tried to keep 
her feelings at the usual magnitude, some considerable fluctuations were 

88 









CHAPTER 2 - TIDE OF BATTLE 


detected." 

"R-Really?" 

"Un, well, wavering values won't defeat anyone, especially until the end." 

"Eh." 

Hearing those words, Shidou felt himself stumble in standing up. Even he was 
consciously aware of what it meant to be called the Worst Spirit. Therefore, key 
countermeasures must be made to ensure that Shidou could plan for a good fight. 

Yet, after talking to Kurumi face to face, exchanging words, and feeling her touch 

and breath-the firm preparedness and resolution had been wrung out from 

his body as his physique became limp and light. 

"But." 

As Shidou was carrying out such self-reflection, Kaguya made a problematic face 
as she placed her hand against her chin. 

"Hey, why'd Kurumi ordain Odin's day? Is there anything special on that day?" 

"No, not at all, what's going on." 

Suddenly. 

As Shidou was racking his brain over Kaguya's question, there was another person 
who broadened her eyes as if distinguishing something-it was Origami. 

"This-Wednesday." 

Origami briefly spoke out something before taking out her smart phone to begin 
doing something. 

After a few seconds. Origami gave the appearance of complete comprehension 
when she pointed the screen towards Shidou and the others. 

"I've understood Tokisaki Kurumi's motives. She intends to settle everything on 
that day." 

"What does that mean.ah." 

While only managing to mutter halfway, Shidou came to a stop upon seeing the 
phone screen. 


89 








CHAPTER 2 - TIDE OF BATTLE 


Origami nodded her head in consent. 

"This Wednesday is February 14th. That day is-Valentine's Day!" 

Despite Origami trying to speak in a quiet manner, her voice revealed a subtle 
degree of anxiety. 

Just then, the alarm for the general preparation bell reverberated throughout the 
school. 


90 




CHAPTER 3 - A MAIDEN'S TIME 


Chapter 3 - A Maiden's Time 


"-Thank you for coming here, everyone." 

That evening in a room inside the Spirit mansion, Kotori spoke while looking over 
to everyone. For some reason the lighting in the room was very dim, with the 
spotlight just illuminating the area around the table. 

Meanwhile, Kotori placed her elbows against the tables, posing with her fingers 
intertwined with each other. Though the reason wasn't understood, it seemed as 
if her commander impression had increased compared to usual. 

Already in the center of the room, Tohka, Origami, Yoshino, Kaguya, Yuzuru, 

Miku, Natsumi, Nia, and Mukuro, these all-star Spirits had gathered up in full 
force. Everybody was sitting around the table, each person in a different posture 
of either caressing their cheeks or stretching their wrists. 

"Fumu, what be this conundrum... at the witching hour..." 

Mukuro asked while issuing a slight yawn. 

However, it was also unreasonable to expect otherwise. The current time was 
midnight. 

Several people other than just Mukuro also looked sleepy.Well, somehow 

there were exceptions like Nia, who seemed even more energetic than during the 
day. 

Kotori gently nodded her head and continued to answer Mukuro's question. 

"The situation should've been explained to you already. Afternoon today,- 

Kurumi invited Shidou on a date on the 14th of February, Valentine's Day." 

Listening to this matter, Tohka inclined her head and crossed her arms with a 
puzzled expression. 

"Muu, what is Valentine's Day in the first place?" 

"Ah.sorry, sorry. So it seems that hasn't been explained yet. Well, Valentine's 

Day is." 


91 







CHAPTER 3 - A MAIDEN'S TIME 


While Kotori was trying to explain, Nia suddenly interrupted her. 

"This is.the day where St. Valentine, called the patron saint for lovers, met his 

gruesome execution!" 

"Wha.!?" 

"Ms it a terrible day.?" 

As Tohka and Yoshino made expressions of shock, Kotori comically slapped the 
side of Nia's head. 

"Although the origin is correct, pay attention to the method of expressing!" 

"Ehehe, sorry, sorry. Well then, on that day, to commemorate St. Valentine, girls 
give presents to boys; think of it like that." 

"Fumu, a gift." 

"Question. What should be given?" 

The Yamai sisters asked while symmetrically tilting their heads. 

"Well.although there's no provision of only sending it, in Japan chocolate is 

generally used." 

"Hey!" 

Listening to Kotori words, Tohka's eyes began to sparkle and glisten. 

"Sending chocolate.to have such a wonderful day!" 

".Wrong, Tohka. It's okay to be happy, but it's presented to a man by a woman, 

understand? So you'll be on the other side of the gift. 

While Tohka's excitement was starting to cause her arms to shake, Natsumi 
replied back with her eyes half-open. 

"Mu? Umu, I didn't know.nu? I see, I can't eat it.No, it's fine, making a gift 

for Shidou is also very exciting." 

"Your mood seems to have visibly dropped." 

Natsumi said while sweat dripped down from her head. Meanwhile, Kotori let out 
a sigh and shrugged her shoulders. 


92 














CHAPTER 3 - A MAIDEN'S TIME 


"Don't worry, Tohka. Recently friendship chocolates are also in vogue.More 

than anything, there'll be White Day on the 14th of the next month. On that day, 
men who received chocolate from women on Valentine's Day return the favor 
and give back chocolate." 

"O-Oh.!" 

Tohka looked at Kotori like a clergyman who had just received a divine prophecy 
from an oracle. Seeing this sight, everyone didn't know whether to express a 
pleasant or wry smile. 

"Er, Kotori-san, what about it? Although I would certainly be jealous of someone 
having a date with Darling on Valentine's Day." 

Miku spoke while making a cute motion by pointing her fingers towards her chin. 
Then, Kotori returned the gesture by nodding her head. 

"Kurumi said that she intends to decide the outcome of the match with that day's 
date. 

Losing means both the reiryoku and Shidou's life are taken away, so we absolutely 
cannot stand by idly." 

"However, even if it is Shidou, I don't think he would admit defeat with the 
matter of his own life." 

"I think so too, but it appears to be also true that Kurumi wouldn't have brought 
up such negotiations without feeling high prospects for success. It would not be 
wrong to be cautious." 

"Question. What exactly should be done as a precaution?" 

As Yuzuru elevated her arm to ask a question, Kotori nodded while lifting up two 
fingers. 

"There are two approaches to this presumption, the first being that we will also 
give chocolate to Shidou." 

"A reasonable means, chocolate was originally intended to be given." 

"Sure, if I was a man and Kurumin was the only one to give chocolate, it would 
honestly make my heart skip a beat." 

Nia shrugged her shoulders. Then, Kotori made a wry smile at the unclear feelings 


93 








CHAPTER 3 - A MAIDEN'S TIME 


given the current circumstances. 

"Having said that, this is the last day before the 14th. Even for handmade 

chocolate, there's no problem with the preparations before that day-If 

anything, the problem starts from here. I want to train Shidou's resistance as 
much as possible before then." 

"Resistance.?" 

Tohka tilted her head as she crossed her arms as Kotori continued to speak. 

"Yes, that is to say, in order not to be fooled by Kurumi during the date, let's have 
him immunized before then." 

"Hmm. Howbeit, what of immunity and wherefore?" 

Faced with Mukuro's question, Kotori replied while pointing her finger upward. 

"To put it bluntly-a mature charm." 

" . !?" 

In response to Kotori's words, the Spirits started to gossip around. 

So that everyone to quieted down, Kotori resumed. 

"Tohka and the others saw what happened on that day, so I think they can 
understand. 

As expected, Kurumi is the biggest threat. The wicked woman that, within the 
palm of her hand, is able to calmly toy with the hearts of men through bewitching 
behavior, seductive invitation and wiles of a succubus. Since Shidou has never 
sealed this kind of Spirit before, he must learn how to deal with this type of 
woman." 


The Spirits all gulped and took in a deep breath. 

Likely in order to break up this tense atmosphere, two people raised their hands 
up in the air energetically. They were Miku and Nia respectively. 

"Allow me! I am one year older than Darling. I can be the older sister!" 

"Me too, me too! The mature charm of my body is gushing out!" 


94 








CHAPTER 3 - A MAIDEN'S TIME 


The two of them spoke proudly while puffing up their chests. 

However, Kotori shook her head with expression full of embarrassment. 

"It's not about numbers. I'm talking about maturity at the spiritual level. If that 
condition isn't accomplished, then it would just be a slightly older kid." 

"Uchu!" 

"Ahha!" 

The merciless words sank into Miku and Nia like a knife. 

"Uuu, how unforgiving Kotori-san.I... At least the style of my figure is very 

mature." 

"Even I am... that.good at staying up at night." 


As Miku and Nia indiscriminately argued, they didn't notice Origami hitting their 
shoulders with a 'pon' sound from behind. The two of them, having been struck at 

the same time, gave out a 'wan' sound as they clung onto Origami.Well, for 

Miku the motives for her hands' 

movements were very peculiar. 

Despite that, while ignoring those three, the meeting still proceeded. 

"It is quite troubling. No matter how strong, it seems that there is an innate 
desire in the hearts of men to enjoy behaving like spoiled child while being 
fawned on by a mature older sister." 

"Kaka, that is to say, what time it takes for a man to grow up." 

"Agreement. Kaguya was also originally a boy. Ah, no wonder." 

"What do you mean by that!? Also, what do you mean by 'no wonder'!?" 

"Calm down.Eh, ara?" 

Kotori suddenly interrupted her own words. 

"Origami, where did those guys go?" 


95 










CHAPTER 3 - A MAIDEN'S TIME 


"Muu?" 

Tohka look on to the place where Origami and the others were just at. To be sure, 
just as Kotori had said, the whereabouts of those three people had disappeared. 

"Uh." 

"Did they go to the restroom?" 

As the Spirits all twisted their heads, Kotori made a quick glance at the door 
before continuing. 

"No matter, they'll soon be back. Anyway, if we satisfy that feeling even 
temporarily, Shidou's heart will remain calm no matter what means Kurumi will 
try to employ. That's why we must become Shidou's older sister." 

"B-But, Kotori-san, we are smaller than Shidou-san." 

As Yoshino spoke while furrowing her eyebrows into resembling the kanji for 
eight, Kotori formed an embarrass expression while nodding. 

"Well, that's right, but as long as you acquire a mature charm you should be able 
to get an older appeal regardless of your real age. Of course, if you really become 
an adult, the effect will be high, but as expected-" 

".That." 

As Kotori said that, a single girl timidly raised her hand as if ashamed to be 
ridiculed. 

"Perhaps, maybe somehow.?" 


ooo 


"Hmm.Uh." 


Accompanied by a small groan, Shidou slowly opened his eyes As his 
consciousness was being regained from slowly awakening, little by little the 
surrounding circumstances gradually became visible. 


96 










CHAPTER 3 - A MAIDEN'S TIME 


It seemed that the surroundings were still very dark, with daylight still not 
permeating through. Although today he didn't have a plan of going to bed earlier 
than usual.But at that moment. 

".Hmm?" 

Amidst his fuzzy consciousness, as he tried to turn over on his bed, Shidou knitted 
his brows. 

-His body couldn't move. 

For a moment, he thought that it wasn't sleep paralysis.but it was certainly a 

strange feeling. If anything, it felt as if someone was clinging onto to him. 

A warm and soft touch, clearly there was someone else other than himself in this 
futon. 


Shidou quietly sighed after a moment of silence. 

Perhaps if it was an ordinary case, he might have suspected being in a dream or 

something resembling a physic phenomenon.yet whether it was fortunate or 

unfortunate, Shidou had already some knowledge about the cause for such a 
sensation. 

"Origami.? Or Miku? No, maybe it's Nia.?" 

With eyes half-open, Shidou felt the strength tightening around his body being 
relaxed. At the same time, he then lifted up the covers of the futon. 

"As expected of Shidou." 

"As expected of Darling." 

"As expected of Boy." 

"Uwaaah!?" 

Seeing the three people underneath the futon, Shidou let out a startled scream. 

He did not except that all three people of the names he guessed to appear 
together. 

Although there are such reasons because- 


97 











CHAPTER 3 - A MAIDEN'S TIME 


More than anything, the three of them were wearing very sensual clothing like 
baby doll dresses and garter belts. 

"Y-You a I.?" 

As a result of not understanding what was happening, Shidou's face was teeming 
with bewilderment. 

Yet the three of them merely smiled, coming closer to lean against him. 

While Origami was looming over his belly, Miku was moving her ample bosom 
from right to left, ready to pounce and attack from both sides. Even though he 
had felt it touching his skin just now, but seeing this gesture caused a completely 
different sense of tension and excitement to swirl around Shidou's brain. 

"Wait.h-hey." 

"No worries, Shidou, leave your body to us." 

"That's right; we older sisters will love you well." 

"Yep, if you become wiser here first, then you won't be scared of even Kurumin!" 

That said, the three of them leaned over closer. Their flirtatious demeanor and 
divergent attire caused Shidou's heart to pulsate violently. 

But- 

"For a man, this is truly incredible. There are rumors that one can be a wizard if 
they turn thirty without experiencing a woman, but for a person to suddenly be 

accustomed to being a sage.Ah, that must because of being a playboy before 

that. A young playboy!" 

TL Note: Playboy (iStU1) is a pun on the Gadabout (pleasure seeker) class in 
Dragon Quest 3, which one can then transfer classes to become a sage. 

As a result of Nia making her usual joke, Shidou felt the high temperature emitted 
from his head cool down a bit. 

".Ah really, even though I don't know what you are saying, give me back my 

room!" 

Shidou let out a scream, pushing against Origami and the other's backs in order to 
drive them out of the room. 


98 









CHAPTER 3 - A MAIDEN'S TIME 


"It can't be helped. I'll have to come back again." 

"Kya! But an aggressive Darling is also good!" 

"Eh, was that Boy's ass just now?" 

With each of them leaving their own intended words respectively, the trio left the 
Itsuka household. 

"Geez." 

Shidou breathed out a sigh of relief, swiping the sweat from his forehead with his 
sleeve before reentering the futon. 

".However, he couldn't immediately fall asleep. 


99 






CHAPTER 3 - A MAIDEN'S TIME 



Although only about half-asleep, he was awakened by Origami's lingerie floating 
around the futon, forcing his heartbeat to race. 

100 

























CHAPTER 3 - A MAIDEN'S TIME 


When- 


".Hmm?" 

Despite not knowing how much time has passed, Shidou suddenly raised his 
eyebrows. 

Outside the window-for some reason, there was a small clicking sound coming 

from the veranda. 

"What's that noise.?" 

It sounded like someone was knocking on the window. Shidou adopted a 
bewildered expression as he slowly crawled out of bed, rubbing his eyes while 
walking towards the window, his hand soon grasping onto the curtain. 

However, right then, Shidou stopped his hand. 

Due to his drowsiness leading to a reduction in his judgement faculties, Shidou 

didn't notice until then-the abnormality of a situation where someone would 

be knocking on his window during midnight. 

"No way, Kurumi.?" 

Shidou twisted his brow as he whispered to himself. Those who would visit him in 
the middle of the night, yes-".No, not necessarily." 

Recalling the faces of the people who had just attacked him earlier, Shidou took in 

a deep sigh.It's better to say that in comparison to Kurumi, the possibility of 

those three people striking again was considerably higher. 

Anyhow, he would continue to know nothing at this rate. Shidou resolutely 
opened the curtains. 

However. 

"Huh.?" 

There was nobody, nothing outside the window. On the contrary, when Shidou 
opened the curtains, even the ruggedness of the fabric sweeping the floor was 
barely audible. 

"That's strange, I was certain." 

Stretching his neck, he opened the window to the balcony. Cold air attacked the 

101 











CHAPTER 3 - A MAIDEN'S TIME 


body spoiled by the warm and comfortable futon. 

"Uh.So cold" 

While still in his slippers, he looked around the neighborhood. But even then 
there were no suspicious silhouettes or even birds that woke up early. 

Wondering if he was still half asleep, Shidou scratched his head and pressed on to 
return to his room. 

Then, at that moment. 

"-Fufu, fufu." 

" . !?" 

While searching for the whereabouts of the laughter, Shidou felt his body 
tremble. 

"W-Who's there.?" 

Startled by the sudden sound of laughter, Shidou looked around his surroundings 
again. 

Following the leader, numerous other voices were heard one after another. 

"Hey, isn't that what Itsuka Shidou mentioned before?" 

"Well.that's quite ordinary. A bit unexpected." 

"Is that so? That's pretty cute." 

"W-What the heck is this." 

With his face flushed with a hue of befuddlement, he looked for the source of the 
voice. 

However, it was likely that whatever could be seen couldn't be considered 
people. 

For a moment, Shidou thought he was talking to one of Kurumi's clones through 
her shadow. 

-No, that wasn't right. The voice echoing in the surroundings was different 

than Kurumi's. 


102 









CHAPTER 3 - A MAIDEN'S TIME 


"Who's there!? What in the world do you want with me!?" 

Shidou could not help but call out as his voice echoed through the night sky. 

And then, as if to respond to him, laughter filled the surroundings. 

-Then, at that instant. 

Several pieces of paper fell down from the sky. 

"Paper.?" 

Shidou slanted his neck as he went to pick up the piece of paper. 

However, the moment his hands made contact with the paper, a faint light 
illuminated the balcony-"Baah!" 

A girl came emerging from there. 

"Wa.!?" 

As a result of the sudden arrival, Shidou collapsed onto the ground on his 
backside. The girls, who seemingly found this amusing, let out a slight giggle. 

"Haha, was that too surprising?" 

"Y-You are-" 

Shidou was stunned as he saw the girl's face. 

Hearing the very silly question, Shidou immediately held his breath. Despite being 
semi-conscious, he still felt greatly flustered by the sight. The impact of the scene 
was just like suddenly waking up. 

If the sight he was witnessing was not a dream, nothing would be quite as 
extraordinary as a girl appearing from a piece of paper. 

But Shidou had already heard about the existence of this girl from Mana. 

"Noway, is this DEM.!?" 

As Shidou began shivering, the paper that was scattered about had girls with the 
same face jumping out one by one. 

It was just like the scene where Kurumi had revealed her clones. Faced against a 


103 







CHAPTER 3 - A MAIDEN'S TIME 


phenomenon that violated the laws and theories of the world, Shidou was left 
momentarily speechless. 

"Huh, do you know about me?" 

"DEM is a really casual way to call it though." 

The girls pouted their mouths with displeasure. 

However, Shidou could not reply back. 

Amidst the myriad of voices coming from all directions, one of the girls uttered 
something that was difficult to believe. 

"Yes, in any case we-can also be considered Spirits." 

She had said those words. 

"What...!?" 

Shidou opened his eyes wide in astonishment. 

"S-Spirit.!?" 

Yes, the girl had certainly said so just now. 

The confusion spun Shidou's head into chaos. It was surely possible that the girl 
had the power of cloning like Kurumi, but why would a Spirit be with the DEM 

that was out to killSpirits-As Shidou was lost in confusion, another girl kept on 

speaking. 

"Ah, we are called <Nibelcol>. A good name, no?" 

"Well, because we are created by Otou-sama, it might be a bit different from 
what you are used to." 

"W-What do you mean.?" 

Hearing Shidou drifted astray in his response, the <Nibelcol> girl shrugged her 
shoulders. 

"Hehe, do you want to know?" 

"Telling you is fine, but there wouldn't be much meaning to it, right?" 


104 






CHAPTER 3 - A MAIDEN'S TIME 


"Yeah, because you-are going to die here." 

Then, as if too casually, the <Nibelcol> spewed out those words. 

The statement bore no malice, not even the slightest faint dust of murderous 
intent. It was just like a pleasant greeting made when leaving home after 
accepting a request to go shopping. As a result of the tone of the delivery made to 
him, there wasn't enough time to react. 


Nevertheless, the reaction time was still considerably fast when compared to an 
ordinary high school student. Driven by a less than appreciated experience of 
being exposed to a fatal crisis, Shidou's snapped his body up from the ground, 
jumping off the balcony in order to escape from the <Nibelcol>. 

However- 

"Eh.?" 

The next moment, Shidou heard such a voice leak out from his throat. 

At the same time as his field of vision was shaking violently, his beaten body 
collapsed onto the balcony. 

Looking down at the bottom of his body, Shidou finally noticed. 

-His feet that he used in trying to escape were beautifully cut off. 

"Guh.AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHI?" 

On that note, a tremendous pain struck Shidou, enough to make his mind 
collapse. 

Almost like a flickering and crackling illusion underneath the darkened night sky, 
the violent stir of emotions and tension made his heart beat violently as blood 
diffused profusely from that section of his leg. 

"Did you think you could escape?" 

"No, no, because father told us so." 

"You will meet your end here." 

The <Nibelcol> still articulated in a casual tone. 


105 







CHAPTER 3 - A MAIDEN'S TIME 


But then, even as his face was smeared in a pool of blood, his eyebrows could 
only give off a slight twitch rather than distorting in pain. 

"Eh.? How amazing, what is this?" 

"Your leg is burning? As if to reattach to the severed foot?" 

"Huh.This must be the regeneration ability of <Camael>. Not bad, this one." 

The <Nibelcol> spoke with interest in the spectacle of the severed foot, just like a 
child who had found a rare insect on the side of the road. 

To be sure, a flickering flame was surrounding the cut section of his leg, despite 
not knowing how the flame was originally lit. The fierce burning sensation was 
superimposed on the violent pain. Wincing in agony, it was a feeling that 
mercilessly ravaged his very nerves. 

However, just as the <Nibelcol> had said, the flames were also trying to reunite 
the severed limbs with each together. 

-It was the healing flame possessed by Kotori' Angel, <Camael>. 

"I see, I see, it's certainly a troublesome thing to deal with." 

"Un, something is wrong, to not die even after being killed." 

"Well then, Otou-sama's request cannot be fulfilled, what should be done?" 

The <Nibelcol> tilted their heads in confusion as they looked to each other to 
consult. 

But just a moment later, the <Nibelcol> nodded to each other before once again 
turning their attention to Shidou's body. 

"Well, there's only one way." 

"Yup, there is only one way." 

"-To keep killing you until you die." 

At the same time the <Nibelcol> said that, Shidou felt a tremendous impact struck 
throughout his entire his body. 

" i?" 


106 







CHAPTER 3 - A MAIDEN'S TIME 


His field of vision was dyed with a red hue as attacks delivering an even more 
intense pain came about. 

The sensation of pain whizzed through his nervous system, gnawing away at his 
very sense of self. If it had not been for the protection of <Camael>, an ordinary 
person would have long died from shock. 

Shidou could not even issue a sorrowful cry anymore. 

In spite of wanting to use the Angel of sound, <Gabriel>, to lessen the pain-it 

was too late. 

The <Nibelcol, without neither rest nor a sense of humaneness, attacked every 

inch of Shidou's body, piercing, crushing, chopping-Finally, Shidou's 

consciousness sank into darkness. 


ooo 


".Uwaaaaaaaaahhhhhhl?" 

Raising a scream as if his throat was about to collapse, Shidou jumped out of his 
bed. 

A few seconds later, Shidou looked around to see his own familiar room. From the 
window, the sun had already risen high into the sky. 

ti y/ 


With that brief moment, Shidou hurriedly began to check his body. 

After using his hands to confirm that there were no holes in his chest or abdomen 
and his feet were uncut, Shidou exhaled a large sigh of relief. 

".Even for a nightmare that was too terrifying, hey." 

As he said that, while wiping his forehead, his sleeve was drenched in sweat. It 
wasn't at the level of simply sweating during the night anymore. It was as if 
Shidou fell asleep while under a tropical forest squalall. 

However, that wasn't surprising. The nightmares that Shidou had been seeing so 


107 








CHAPTER 3 - A MAIDEN'S TIME 


far-although he didn't want to recall them, still happened forcibly midway. 

-While ruminating, his body could not help but shiver. 

In the end, how much anxiety was needed to have that kind of nightmare.or 

relatively speaking, which parts of it were exactly from a dream? 

Shidou shook his head as if trying to get rid of the severe pain still persisting in his 
head. He then stood after pushing up the now damp futon. 

With the wind fluttering against his chest, Shidou decided to head down to the 
first floor to take a shower. 

".Hmm?" 

On the way down the stairs, Shidou swayed near the edge as his eyebrows 

twitched. An alluring smell was drifting around the first floor, 'ton, ton, ton'. 

and the gleeful sound of a kitchen knife hitting the chopping board. 

That's right-just like someone was preparing breakfast. 

"Kotori.?" 

Shidou murmured to himself while stretching his neck. 

It was inevitable to think that since only he and Kotori were in the household right 
now. 

Although breakfast.or rather every meal of the day was basically his job, 

perhaps he could have been running late due to the nightmare and Kotori decided 
to take the initiative in making breakfast herself. 

However, one uncomfortable sense of feeling still remained. Could Kotori be able 
to handle the kitchen knife so skillfully.? 

".Eh?" 

Seeing the figure in the living room, Shidou's eyes turned into two blank dots out 
of surprise. 

".Un? Oh, good morning, Shidou." 

The woman, who was sitting on the couch, waved her hand to greet him. 

However, Shidou could not return the gesture. With his mouth wide open, he 
could only stare in open bafflement. 

108 












CHAPTER 3 - A MAIDEN'S TIME 


It couldn't be helped, as sitting there was Kotori, while looking even older than 
him. 

A great contradiction appeared from a greeting of just five words. Shidou, 
thinking that he was still dreaming, pinched himself, only to find that it no more 
than hurt. 

Her age struck him as around twenty years old. With slender hands and feet 
alongside a mature face, she hadn't tied her hair in twin-tails, but as a substitute, 
her black ribbon was attached onto her wrist. 

However, what was most eye-catching was her chest. Kotori's breasts, which 
were normally modest for a girl her age, had expanded to an unnatural degree. 

Such was Onee-san Kotori, who was sitting on the sofa, only wearing only a barely 
buttoned-up shirt and watching TV somewhat carelessly. As it stood, no matter 
how she looked, her appearance had the charm of an office lady prior to going 
out to work. 

"What's happened, what is it?-Ah, were you fascinated by Onee-san's bare 

feet? Hey, well Shidou is a boy too." 

As Shidou opened his eyes in shock, Kotori flashed a devilish smile and 
deliberately lifted up her leg. Peeking at the hem of her white shirt and the 
shimmering, beautiful leg lines, Shidou could not help but hold his breath. 

".! N-No, that's not it! Kotori.right? No, no, what the heck is going on.?" 

"Eh? What about it?" 

"No, even if your body suddenly grew, that chest is too unnatural-Gaha!?" 

In the middle of speaking, Kotori threw a couch cushion at him. Shidou had his 
body bended backwards. 

"Shidou-san." 

While Shidou was rubbing the nose that was directly hit by the cushion, another 
voice came from the direction of the kitchen. 

Looking over, he saw that Yoshino, who had displayed the same kind of growth, 
was preparing breakfast. 

With hair tied together in a ponytail and an apron of a simple design, she looked 
exactly like a young housewife. 


109 







CHAPTER 3 - A MAIDEN'S TIME 


In addition to that, there was the figure of three small girls next to Yoshino's legs. 
After being confused for a moment, he soon realized they were Origami, Miku, 
and Nia after having their appearance shrunken in size. For some reason, there 
was a sign hanging below their neck that said, 'We are really sorry for sneaking 
in'. 

"A miscalculation, but I will not give up. Who says someone of younger 
appearance cannot be an older sister?" 


110 




CHAPTER 3 - A MAIDEN'S TIME 



ill 
























CHAPTER 3 - A MAIDEN'S TIME 


"Ahhh, well it is easier for people who have contrasting objects to understand. 
Look, because of our existence, wouldn't ordinary young women be able to show 
wifely attributes?" 

"Wa.!? T-This is really.!" 

After listening to Nia, Miku for some reason looked as if she had received 
something similar to divine revelation. After that she put on a spoiled look as she 
hung around Yoshino' legs. 

Yoshino made a wry smile as she gently stroked Miku's head. Shidou looked on as 
their lines of sight intersected. On her left hand, the rabbit puppet <Yoshinon> 

(for some reasons unknown attached with a fake mustache) beckoned to him 
with a slight wave. 

"Shidou, it seems that mama wants you to taste it. By the way, I am the father." 

"That.Please, can you do that? No, is it impossible.?" 

"Eh.? A-Ah." 

Despite still not knowing anything, Shidou obediently walked to where he was 
told. Then, he took the small dish from Yoshino's hands, tasting the flavor of miso 
soup. 

"Un.It's delicious. The taste of the soup broth is well accented." 

"Really? That.that's great." 

Yoshino expressed a faint smile. 

It was different from the usual Yoshino, overflowing with a graceful and inclusive 
atmosphere. Shidou's heartbeat involuntarily sped up. 

However, Shidou immediately reconsidered as he shook his head from side to 
side. 

".That, no, no, it's not like that. What is this in the first place? This isn't a late 

night dream, is it!?" 

As Shidou cried out, a small Origami approached his side and gave out a reply. 
"Part of training." 

"T-Training.?" 

112 














CHAPTER 3 - A MAIDEN'S TIME 


"Yes, on the coming 14th, in order for Shidou to hone his resistance against the 
charm ofTokisaki Kurumi's temptation." 

"Hone resistance.How is that supposed to be done?" 

"You should follow your usual routine. However, we will be monitoring your heart 
rate and degree of excitement. In order to ensure it doesn't exceed a certain 
value, I want you to maintain your heart beat under control." 

"Ha." 

Shidou scratched his face while giving back a vague reply. Then, Kotori added 
something from behind him. 

"Ah, there is a proper penalty, so don't worry? Each time the excitement goes 
above the caution level for more than ten seconds, an illustration sketched by 
Shidou during his olden days will be uploaded to SNS." 

"Damn, I thought there hasn't been much of that recently!" 

As Shidou cried out in a shrill voice, Kotori merrily laughed. It looked exactly like 
an older sister teasing her brother. 

Although it would be false to say that there was no dissatisfaction, he knew from 
experience that nothing could be done against this. Shidou sighed as he turned to 
Origami. 

".Then why did Kotori and Yoshino become older sisters?" 

"We are approaching Shidou as older sisters to see if your heart strings can be 
stirred." 

"Excuse me, but is it also to test my limit!?" 

As Shidou could not help but cry out. Origami nodded her head. 

"Then, it is okay even if you are close to being forced near it." 

"T-This, so to speak, is also a matter strangling on the thresholds of life. 

although in a certain sense it's a matter of life and death at the social level." 

"Is that so?" 

In the brief time Origami spoke, she snapped her ring finger. 


113 









CHAPTER 3 - A MAIDEN'S TIME 


Recognising that signal, Nia and Miku seized the hem of Yoshino's dress, pulling it 
apart in a single breath. 

The next instant, the right and left sides split apart, leaving only the apron. The 
chastely wife changed into the face of nighttime in the blink of an eye. 

"Ki-ya.!" 

"What.!?" 

For this to suddenly happen, Shidou couldn't help but roll into the black and 
whites of his eyes. However, Shidou was not the only one surprised. Yoshino, 
whose cheeks were flushed with a red hue, fell onto the ground. 

He was pressed against an older sister approaching the exact opposite of 
beforehand, but an odor of immoral seductiveness caused Shidou's body to 
involuntarily remain frozen in place. 

In an instant, a buzzer somewhere in the room issued out a beep sound. It 
seemed that Shidou's heartbeat had crossed over the acceptable parameters. 

"Ugu.!" 

Somehow, he had to hurriedly slow down the speed of his heartbeat. Shidou 
quickly turned away his line of sight and quickly grabbed the coat hanging from 
the chair to cover Yoshino's shoulders. 

However, in the next instant, the next assassin appeared before Shidou's field of 
vision. 

"Shidou.that's not it! Itsuka-kun! Right now class will begin.!" 

He didn't notice how long she was there, but standing before him was a teacher¬ 
like Tohka wearing glasses and a suit that highly emphasized her curves. 

Needless to say, she also looked older than Shidou, her body grown to be around 
20 years old. But even though the size of the suit was a little bit too small, the 
exceptionally sensual body lines were strongly emphasized, influencing Shidou's 
eyes to instinctively wander towards the chest area. 

"Muu, what's wrong, Itsuka-kun?" 

"Ah, no." 

While diverting his eyes away, Shidou coughed twice as if to gloss over the 

114 










CHAPTER 3 - A MAIDEN'S TIME 


matter. 

In front of Shidou, Tohka let out a puzzled expression. Even though her body was 
excluding erotic temptation like a weapon, the person in question wasn't even 
conscious of it. The gap made Shidou's heart tremble even more. 

However, Tohka did not seem to notice this point. While walking in rhythm like a 
model, she guided his hand to let him sit down on the table beside the chair. 

Then, she placed down another chair to sit down on beside him, posturing her 
body to cuddle closer to Shidou. 

"H-Huh.?" 

"Now Itsuka-kun, Tohka-sensei's lesson will begin. With me.mu?" 

Tohka inexplicably knitted her brow, taking a notepad from her pocket to double 
check the text written there. 

"Oh, right. To carry out that prohibited extracurricular lesson. Are you prepared? 
Eh, first from hygiene in physical education, stamens and pistils are." 

"Who cast these roles to you guys!" 

Shidou gave out a scream mixed with frustration as he vigorously stood up from 
the chair. 

"Mu, where are you going, Itsuka-kun!" 

"J-Just to wash my face.!" 

Shidou ran to the bathroom in order cool down both his flushed cheeks and the 
blood flow rushing to his head. The alarm from the beginning had been ringing 
non-stop. As bad as it was, he had to first try to calm down his emotions. 

"What.!?" 

However, upon opening the door, Shidou felt rigid once again. 

The reason was simple. Natsumi was standing there wearing only a single towel. 

Needless to say, this Natsumi was not the usual Natsumi. It was the Natsumi that 
had appeared as an adult though the Angel <Haniel>. 

Having been caught in confusion, seeing that figure made Shidou finally aware of 


115 









CHAPTER 3 - A MAIDEN'S TIME 


what had caused Kotori and the other's transformation. 

"Ara.?" 

Natsumi greeted him with a smile as she turned her eyes over. 

As a result of having just taken a shower, her wet hair was still clinging onto her 
glossy white skin. Perhaps there was nothing more gorgeous than this scene. 

"Ufufu, good morning, Shidou-kun. How regrettable, a few minutes earlier, and I 
wouldn't have had my towel on." 

".! You, what are you saying." 

At those unexpected words, Shidou's flushed face grew even redder. Then, with a 
mischievous expression, Natsumi stroked his chin with her fingertips. 

"Or did you wait a minute in order to take it off yourself? Fufu.what a naughty 

child." 

While saying that, Natsumi grabbed Shidou's hand and drew it towards her chest. 
"Wait.!?" 

Shidou pulled back his hand in panic. However, as a result of the excessive force, 
the momentum directing his hand caused him to fall backwards. 

"Oww!" 

Having struck the back of his head, Shidou's cheeks winced in pain as he gently 
rubbed that area. 

At that point, a shadow of a figure suddenly appeared overlooking him. 

"What.!?" 

With erratic breathing, Shidou's eyes were forced wide open. 

That's right, what appeared there was Kaguya wearing a white coat over a suit, all 
in one it looked like a female doctor. Meanwhile, Yuzuru was like a hospital nurse 
with a dangerously short skirt. 

"Kuku, what's wrong? Does it hurt somewhere? Let me take a look at it." 
"Identification. Kaguya, even after finally being turned into an adult by Natsumi's 


116 










CHAPTER 3 - A MAIDEN'S TIME 


power, it is wasted by that manner of speaking." 

".! H-How annoying! Isn't the way Yuzuru speaks also the same!" 

Just like that, the two of them began their usual skirmish over a trivial matter. 

The issue was not the problem, the problem was-how the two of them were 

arguing while wearing short skirts just above Shidou's face from the ground level. 

ti 


As the siren rang sharply, Shidou clumsily got up on his feet and hastily walked 
into the corridor. 

Anyhow, he had to calm down his heartbeat first. So, he aimed to make a sprint 
past the entrance and head outside. 

However, there was another person's shadow there, as if to silently stress the last 
gatekeeper's identity. 

"Mun. Whither are we bound, Nushi-sama?" 

"Mukuro.I?" 

So, Mukuro, who had also had her body transformed into that of an adult just like 
everyone else, stretched her hands out to block the entrance while dressed in a 
kimono. 

But it was not just an ordinary kimono. With a dazzling patterned design around 
the sash coupled with boldly exposing her shoulders, this was the so called 
courtesan-style kimono. 

"Well, ah." 

Mukuro, having also grown through Natsumi's power, had her sensual body reach 
new heights in destructive capacity, comparable to that of a tactile nuclear 
weapon. Step by step, she marched forward with a seductive manner of 
footwork. 

The siren was ringing even louder than before. Shidou stopped Mukuro from 
approaching and opened the door to escape outside. 

-However. 

"Mun, prithee halt, Nushi-sama." 

117 








CHAPTER 3 - A MAIDEN'S TIME 


"Wa!?" 

The moment he opened the door, from behind, Mukuro grabbed the hem of his 
trousers, causing him to fall forward. 

However, Shidou did not fall down. 

To be precise, his face was currently buried in the breasts of the person who 
standing there before the door was open. 

"What.is.eh!?" 

".Hmm?" 

Amidst the turmoil inside his head, Shidou heard a quiet voice come from outside. 
Carefully raising his head, he found that the person was <Ratatoskr>'s analytic 
officer, Murasame Reine. 

"R-Reine-san.! I'm sorry-" 

".Ah." 

But before Shidou could finish, Reine seemed to understand what was happening 
as she slightly nodded her head. Then, she placed her hand behind the back of 
Shidou's head. 

Once again, his face was buried in her chest as she gently stroked his head. 

".Be good." 


" - !?" 

As the inside of Shidou's head was filled with confusion and embarrassment, he 
heard an 'hoh' exclamation coming from the Spirits behind him alongside the 
clapping sound from a round of applause. 

o 

Several hours after the commotion in the Itsuka residence. 

With the help of Natsumi's <Haniel>, Kotori and the others had their appearances 
restored. 


Eventually, they arrived at a specialized confectionery shop in the main street of 
Tenguu City. 


118 











CHAPTER 3 - A MAIDEN'S TIME 


While looking at everyone, Kotori placed her hand on her waist as she spoke. 

"Okay, everyone, look at this. On the first training field for Shidou, thanks to 
everyone's efforts, we've achieved certain results." 

As Kotori said that, Nia and Miku both spoke something in a whispery tone. 
"Really, huh? I feel that the total results were achieved by Reinechino." 

"It would have been better for us participating in the battle as well." 

"Uohon!" 

As if hearing them, Kotori irritatingly cleared out her throat to get their attention. 
"So, I think we should move on to the next strategy." 

Yes, that was also the reason why Kotori and the others were visiting this place. 

That is to say-in order to make handmade chocolate for Shidou on the 14th. 

"Look for any material you like. Although the bare minimum of goods have 
already been explained, if you still don't know what to buy, feel free to ask me or 
Reine. Alright?" 

"Umu!" 

"Yes.!" 

"Understood." 

As the Spirits each replied, they all scattered around the store. Kotori breathed 
out a 'well now' as she set them all off. 

"Let's head out too." 

".Ah, alright." 

When Kotori said that, a reply came out behind her from Reine. 

Right now, Reine was wearing neither her <Ratatoskr> uniform nor her white lab 
coat from school. Instead, she was dressed in an elegant and colorful tunic, with 
the face of a stuffed bear with a distinctive stitch mark on its face peeking from 
her pocket. Somehow, it gave off an awfully surreal sensation. 


119 






CHAPTER 3 - A MAIDEN'S TIME 


It was not a coincidence that she had visited the Itsuka residence. Originally, 

Kotori had asked her to supervise the material selection and production of 
chocolate. 

"Well then, we should first start from the basic material for chocolate." 

While muttering, Kotori walked into the inner area with Reine accompanying her. 

It was the time where it should be in season for this shop. A wide variety of 
chocolate was lined up side by side in a display shelf. There were even gaudy 
billboards marked with homemade chocolate recipes. 

"Hehe, there are quite a few different types." 

In any case, unlike the ready-made items lining up in convenience stores and 
other places, transparent packaging had been applied to ensure that the table of 
contents for ingredients be simply written down. It seemed that the ratio of cocoa 
beans and distribution area varied with each production. When viewed from afar, 
such words would emulate a beautiful gradation in tone. 

In front of the shelf stood the figures of five girls. They were Tohka, Yoshino, 
Natsumi, Kaguya, and Mukuro respectively. Each looked on with serious eyes, 
carefully scrutinizing the shelves of the chocolate. 

"How is it, everyone? Anything look desirable?" 

Hearing the sound of Kotori's voice, Tohka abruptly turned around. 

"Oh, Kotori. Muu.everything looks good, but there are too many." 

"Yes.I do not know which one is better." 

"Ne, some of them look too simple." 

"Hmm, honorable sister, what demarcates Venezuelan cacao from that of 
Colombia?" 

"Eh.?" 

Upon being questioned by Mukuro, Kotori felt a cold drop of sweat fall down her 
forehead. 

Although it could be said to be handmade, Kotori's experience in making 
chocolate was limited to only helping her mother finish some misshapen creation 
from a commercially available handmade kit. It was impossible for her to tell 


120 








CHAPTER 3 - A MAIDEN'S TIME 


something as nuanced as detailed flavor differences due to area of origin. 

Nevertheless, despite not understanding the subject fully, she had to reply due to 
what she said earlier. 

Somewhat dumfounded, Kotori's eye's sank down as they spun around. 


"Er.urn, that's right..." 

So at that time, seemingly aware that Kotori was in trouble, a hand was placed on 
Kotori's shoulder-it was Reine's. 

"Reine.?" 

".Hmm." 

After giving a nod that seemed to say ' leave it to me', she turned around to look 
at everyone. 

".Among cacao beans, the flavorful aroma comes from Criollo seeds, the strong 

resistance from diseased Forastero seeds, as wellas Trinitario seeds, which have 
inherited both advantages-" 

".M-Muu.?" 

Hearing Reine's explanation, Tohka made a confused face. 

No, not just Tohka, the other three had the same befuddled expression on their 
faces. 

Nonetheless, it seemed Reine had predicted such a reaction from them. She 
straightened her finger and pointed it upward as she continued. 

".Rather than trying to distinguish cacao beans, it would be easier to 

understand it through the proportions of cocoa and milk. It wouldn't be wrong to 
think that a darker color would be bitterer and a lighter color sweeter." 

"O-Oh, I see." 


As Tohka exclaimed with her a fist striking down on the palm of her hand, she 
turned once again to the display rack. Yoshino, Natsumi, and Mukuro followed 
suit and also began to decide the color of chocolate. 


121 











CHAPTER 3 - A MAIDEN'S TIME 


"Sorry about that, you were a huge help." 

".I don't mind." 

As Kotori said that, Reine once again turned her attention back to her. 

".More than that, Kotori, what kind of chocolate do you want to make?" 

"Well.honestly I'm still lost. Just melting the chocolate into the mold isn't that 

tricky, but I feel I'd fail at the more delicate matters." 

".Hmm, I don't think it's necessary to think about such complicated matters. 

After solidifying, decorating white chocolate would be enough to show the 
individuality. Although it is somewhat cliche, what matters are the feelings 
attached." 

"Un.I wonder if that's the case." 

".Ah, but listen, when giving chocolate, would simple steps in the cooking 

process make a man uncomfortable?" 


After listening to that, Kotori eyes opened wide in exclamation as laughter leaked 
from her mouth. 

"That's right, it certainly seems what I thought was too complicated." 

Indeed, if it were Shidou, no matter what kind of chocolate, he should be happy 
to accept it. 

"Thank you, Reine." 

".Oh." 

As Kotori thanked Reine, Tohka and the others were picking up what they needed 
from the shelves. Tohka had chosen milk chocolate with a nice balance in 
sweetness to place in her shopping cart. 

At that time, her eyes turned to the area next door. 

Over there were many materials for decorating sweets, such as pen-shaped 
chocolate and small heart-shaped sugar confectionery. 

The first ones to the other side were the Yamai sisters. Holding up the silver 


122 













CHAPTER 3 - A MAIDEN'S TIME 


confectionary beads and edible golden leaves with their hands, their eyes 
glimmered with an 'Oooh' of amazement. 

"Eh? How deceptive, can you eat this? This isn't wrapping paper?" 

"Confirmation. It is written as edible in the package." 

"Seriously.? K-Kuku... If there is such a thing, it can even make my 

phosphorescent Kreuz cross appear in this world." 

An evil smile emerged from Yuzuru's face as she was holding the golden leaf in 
her hands. 

As Kotori formed a bitter smile at the sight, she heard Miku and Nia's voices 
calling from the other side. 

"Kotori-san, Reine-san, I have a chocolate in mind, but what kind of materials 
need to be collected?" 

"Ah, same here, same here. I've a headache when it comes to cooking." 

"What kind do you want to make?" 

Hearing Kotori ask that, Miku and Nia made a gesture with their hands as they 
continued to speak. 

"Well, I guess that I want to make something sticky at room temperature, a type 

of chocolate that wouldn't solidify.ah, but not a perfect fluid either. 

Specifically, I want a viscosity that can also be applied to my body." 

"And I want the type that would make Boy's teenage vigor grow 100 times from 
eating. But what should I put in it? As expected, soft-shell turtle?" 

"Make ordinary chocolate!" 

Kotori made a long sigh after scolding the two of them. 

For once, Miku and Nia were supposed to be the older ones among the spirits. 
However, Kotori felt that it was like dealing with two very large children. 

At that moment. 

".Hmm?" 

Noticing something there, Kotori suddenly looked around the vicinity. 


123 








CHAPTER 3 - A MAIDEN'S TIME 


Whether near the chocolate or decoration shelves, there was one Spirit whose 
whereabouts she couldn't find. 

".Hey, where did you go, Origami?" 

After first searching the packaging and ribbon section, she thought to look around 
the entrance to the shop. 

Then, Origami's figure was spotted coming out from the home center store 
opposite from the confectionery material store where Kotori and the others were 
at. 


".Huh?" 

Kotori furrowed her eyebrows as she saw Origami come back to the confectionary 
store with a shopping bag in her hand. 

"Well, where have you been? You should know that we're making chocolate." 

"Of course, I went to procure the necessary items." 

Speaking with full self-confidence. Origami showed her bag to Kotori. 

When looking inside, she saw that there were several cylindrical containers used 
to pack something. 

".What is this?" 

"Silicon." 

".What are you going to use it for?" 

"Mold making." 

".What kind of mold?" 

"Me." 

Origami replied back without even the slightest particle of hesitation. 

With that brief answer, Kotori finally understood what she was thinking.-The 

point being that Origami was attempting to create a one-to-one size ratio of an 
Origami model chocolate. 

Kotori breathed out an even larger sigh, as if she was exhausted of all air. 


124 









CHAPTER 3 - A MAIDEN'S TIME 


".No, please stop. No matter how tolerant, even Shidou would refuse if you did 

that." 

"But this is the only way to combat against Tokisaki Kurumi." 

Origami uttered with an extremely serious expression. Looking at that face, it 
seemed that she had thought so full-heartedly. Obviously she was very clever, but 
what had led to this idea? Kotori couldn't understand that. 

Once again, Reine made an expression as if saying 'leave it to me' before stepping 
forward. 

".Indeed, you've thought of something amazing Origami. However, there may 

be one problem." 

"Problem?" 

".The quantity. The volume of the human body is immense. Naturally, gentle 

Shin would never want to waste your humble gift. As a result, he will obviously 
consume excessive carbohydrates within the expiration date of the chocolate." 

ti y/ 


Origami's eyes were roused wide open after hearing Reine's words. 

"I didn't arrive at that conclusion, how embarrassing." 

".That was because you were thinking about Shin. But now, we should make it 

into a plan that would also take Shin's health into consideration." 

Listening to that. Origami gently nodded her hand. 

"I will do so. Downsizing while maintaining quality is difficult with manual work, 
we need to prepare a 3D printer as soon as possible." 


Origami's eyes were filled with determination as she clenched her fist. Looking at 
this, Reine could only remain speechless, scratching her face. 

Kotori took in a sigh while placing her hand on Reine's shoulders. 

"Although it is a long awaited holiday, we've really given you some trouble. 

Reine.your salary will be increased so please forgive me." 


125 











CHAPTER 3 - A MAIDEN'S TIME 


".No, I do not mind. I was planning to go shopping, since there are some 

materials I need to buy here as well." 

Reine said so while full of her usual sleepy tone. 

From this unexpected answer, Kotori's eyes rounded into complete circular 
spheres. 

"Reine, are you making chocolate as well ? Who are you giving it to?" 

".Hmm? Well, to everyone that has been taking care of me every day, from the 

<Fraxinus> crew to colleagues from school. I'd like to prepare it for Shin, but 
won't he already have his hands full with what he'll receive from the Spirits?" 

Reine spoke with her hand placed against her chin, as if in deep thought. 

Kotori let out a small 'hah' sound as she shrugged her shoulders. 

"What's with that list of guys, and here I thought Reine had found a sweetheart to 
give too." 

".I'm sorry for failing to meet your expectations. But at this time, it has nothing 

to do with such things." 

Reine gently exhaled while saying that. 

Kotori gazed upwards in order to once again look at her face. 

She had slender arms and legs along with an unmatched voluptuous bust. Despite 
the dark circles surrounding her eyes looking a bit unhealthy, it was still 
compensated by her lovely facial features. 

Resourceful and intelligent, she was able to deal with everything seamlessly. In 
spite of being older than Kotori, she was a mature woman with the capacity to 
build a comfortable friendship without appearing too humble or overbearing. 

If someone were to ask Kotori to list a woman that they aspired to be like, then 
Reine would be without a doubt the best among the crowd. The world of men 
would obviously not turn a blind eye to such a woman, but she had never heard 
talks about topics of love from Reine before. 

"Recently." 

".Hmm?" 


126 









CHAPTER 3 - A MAIDEN'S TIME 


As Kotori repeated Reine's words, Reine turned around towards Kotori while 
slightly tilting her head. 

"That reminds me. I've never heard of this kind of topic from Reine before. Was 
there one long ago? Something like-a lover." 

".Well." 

As Kotori's eyes sparkled with curiosity, Reine scratched her head as if a little bit 
troubled. 

This was indeed a rare reaction. Kotori could not help but feel some enjoyment, 
with the corners of her mouth laughing while slowly walking to Reine's side. 

Noticing now, Kotori saw that the rare topic of love caused the Spirits to gather 
back around, listening intently. Even for the Spirits, they were teenage girls who 

showed a natural interest for such stories.Well, there are people like Tohka 

who came because others had gathered together. The method of thinking for 
these types of people was also not impossible. 

"Say, it can't hurt. Come on, come on, hurry and own up to the facts." 

Kotori spoke in a cheerful tone as if to represent everybody else. In return, Reine 
gave an audible sigh as though she had given up. 

".Ah, well, that's right. There was-only one person." 

Somehow, she looked a little melancholic as she looked up and spoke. The Spirits, 
deeply intrigued by this issue, all said 'Oh.' at the same time. 

"Ah, I see. If it is Reine, shouldn't it be more than welcome, right?" 

"Right, you have a good man? Then say it, it's not a mixer here so there's no need 
to be embarrassed." 

".That, how to say it. I don't thinking it's what you are imagining, being favored 

by the opposite sex." 

Reine spoke ambiguously as if to gloss it over. 

Kotori gave an ' alright' exclamation to muddle through being humble before 
continuing on. 

"What about it, what kind of person was this lover? Having someone like Reine, 
he must be a pretty good person, right?" 


127 









CHAPTER 3 - A MAIDEN'S TIME 


".That's right. He was.a kind person. A very kind person." 

Ruminating over repeating herself, Reine gently closed her eyes. 

".I dare say that I will never be able to go beyond him in my heart. He will 

always be my first and last lover." 


Words filled with such sorrow interrupted Kotori's questions for a moment. 
But Kaguya, having not read the mood, titled her head curiously. 

".Eh, then why would you break up? If you even now feel that you like him 

n 


"-Hey!" 

Kotori let out a short interjection to stop her from talking. Having finally 
understood what was going on, Kaguya diverted her eyes as if to apologize for 
speaking up. 

-From the way Reine was talking; it looked like a story from the past. 

However, even now, it seemed Reine kept thinking about him. 

To say that knowing the origin of this story was boring would be a lie. However, 
being forced to snoop around like this would be too disrespectful. Kotori took in a 
deep breath before letting out a single thought that came from her chest. 

"How lovely." 

Hearing those words, Reine's eyes opened in surprise. 

".Is that so?" 

"Yes, that person must be so happy you're thinking about him." 

As Kotori said that, the other Spirits didn't hesitate to nod together in order to 
show their consent. 

"Yes.I think it's very beautiful." 

"Approval. It is amazing that Reine has such a bittersweet past." 

"Hey, reality is much stranger than manga. In this respect, a real story is 


128 











CHAPTER 3 - A MAIDEN'S TIME 


unattainable compared to fictional work. Reality will attack without such 
foreshadowing or development." 

"Ufufu.such a lovely story, it's a bit enviable." 

-At that moment. 

While everyone was speaking loudly, Kotori heard something somewhere that 
caused her eyebrows to tremble. 

It took about three seconds for that voice to be salvaged from Kurumi's 
memories, her body instantly tensing upas she turned over. 

"Kurumi.I?" 

That's right, though it was unknown how long she was there, the Worst Spirit, 
Tokisaki Kurumi, was standing there. 

"What.!" 


As a result of hearing Kotori's voice, or perhaps noticing her presence even before 
Kotori, the other Spirits stood up with the faces on red alert. 

However, Kurumi did not seem to panic even in the slightest after seeing the 
Spirits' 

reaction. She only smiled merrily. 

"Ara, ara, what's going on everyone?" 

".No, I was just a little bit surprised for you to initiate the conversation." 

Kotori's nose uttered a 'hun' sound as she realigned her posture and answered 
back in a fearless tone. 

Looking carefully, Kurumi was not wearing her Astral Dress. Instead, she was 
wearing a pretty monochrome coat. 

As far as one could see, it did not look like a battle situation-but only as far as 

seen on the scope of the surface. 

"So, Kurumi. What are you doing? Did you come looking for something?" 


129 









CHAPTER 3 - A MAIDEN'S TIME 


As Kotori crossed her arms and inquired, Kurumi clapped her hands as if recalling 
something. 

"Ah yes, I came to go shopping." 

"Shopping?" 

"Right-1 was thinking about the arrangement of materials for the chocolate I'd 

like to give Shidou-san." 

ti | // 


Kurumi's remarks caused a slight uproar among the Spirits. 

But sure enough it still was met within expectations. The 14th had been chosen as 
the day of the decisive battle, set to be enriched by the special holiday called 
Valentine's Day. 

At that moment, Kurumi noticed something while blinking her eyes. 

"Perhaps, you've all also come to buy materials for chocolate?" 

".Well, looks like you also noticed." 

"Ufufu, that's right. The goals for coming to a confectionary shop at this time are 
surely limited. Also, you can tell from a quick glance at the contents of your 
shopping basket-" 

There, Kurumi took turns looking at everyone before abruptly stopping at 
Origami's hand, making a strange facial expression in return... well, it was no 
wonder right now considering what the girl was holding. 

".You're going to be making handmade chocolate?" 

".That's the plan for the time being." 

For a moment, Kurumi looked like she was lost in her thoughts, with a question 
mark above her head. However, she soon regained her usual composure and 
elevated up her face while clearing her throat. 

"Now then, there is a proposal I would like to prevail upon you to heed." 

"Proposal.?" 

Hearing Kurumi's words, Kotori let out a skeptical expression. 


130 









CHAPTER 3 - A MAIDEN'S TIME 


-About an hour had already passed. 

".What ah, is with this situation?" 

Kotori, who had arrived at a room in the Spirit Mansion to make chocolate after 
leaving the store, uttered in small voice. 

But that was only natural, anyhow- 

"Ara, ara. So this is the place where you are living. Ufufu, is this not a wonderful 
place." 

Behind Kotori, the Worst Spirit, Tokisaki Kurumi was muttering joyfully while 
looking at the spacious kitchen. 

That's right. That was proposal from Kurumi- 

(-1 also want to start making chocolate as soon as possible after acquiring the 

ingredients. If everyone doesn't mind, can we work on it together?) Beyond just 
unexpected, it was an unreasonable request from that person. 

Kurumi was indeed a Spirit, the target for both Ratatoskr to capture and offer 
asylum to. In any case, such an exchange might necessary to solve against feelings 
of precaution. 

But in her case, the situation was clearly different than that of the other Spirits. 

After all, she already knew about <Ratatoskr> and Shidou's goals and challenged 
him to a contest with preset demands. There was nothing wrong in suspecting 
another hidden motive in that action. 


However, as Kotori turned over to gaze towards Kurumi. 

Certainly, Kurumi was a dangerous Spirit. With a large reservoir of reiryoku, there 
was no way to win in a match of numbers against her. A moment of carelessness 
was impermissible against this opponent. 

But for this reason, it could be described as a golden opportunity to gather 
information about her. 

For the upcoming 14th, before the decisive battle between Kurumi and Shidou, 
Kotori wanted to know as much as possible about Kurumi. For that reason, she 
had no choice but to accept the proposal. 

131 






CHAPTER 3 - A MAIDEN'S TIME 


".Kotori." 

As Kotori was deep in thought, Reine spoke her name in a low voice. 

".For the time being, I will return to <Fraxinus>. This is a rare opportunity to 

monitor Kurumi's emotional value and favorability results as much as possible." 

"Well, please. I'll do something to manage here." 

".Un, I'm depending on you; may fortune be in your favor." 

After Reine finished speaking, she slowly raised her head and exited the room. 
When she saw Reine's back leave the room, Kurumi tilted her had as if intrigued 
by the mystery of the farewell. 

"Ara, is Murasame-sensei going home?" 

"Yes, it seems to have to do with an errand." 

As Kotori tried to consciously deceive her, Kurumi gave out a 'huh.', narrowing 

her eyes as she watched Reine's figure disappear in that direction. 

For a moment, Kotori thought she was aware of her lie-but it was a little 

different from that. Although it wasn't clear, within that gaze lingered a glimmer 
of suspicion. 

"What's wrong? Was there something you wanted to talk to Reine about?" 

"Ah, no, I don't think so." 

When questioned by Kotori, Kurumi shook her head nonchalantly. 

"-Moreover, we'll be starting soon." 

And then, just as if to bring back the topic at hand, she pointed to the shopping 
bag marked with the confectionary store's logo on top of the cooking room table. 

Right now, Kotori and the others weren't in one of the rooms that the Spirits' 
resided, but instead in a kitchen space set up on the first floor of the mansion. 

Being a mansion designed to house the Spirits, there were various facilities 
prepared beside the living room. There was a fitness gym for health maintenance 
and a theater room for entertainment. The kitchen was only one of such facilities. 

Of course, there was a kitchen in each room, but in the event of holidays like 


132 








CHAPTER 3 - A MAIDEN'S TIME 


Valentine's Day and Christmas, this large space was built in anticipation for the 
opportunity of several Spirits working together. 

On the kitchen counter where the Spirits could work side by side together, there 
were various cooking utensils, regardless of eastern or western origin, that had 
been assembled. 

There was even a large firepower gas stove normally used for professional 
businesses installed and readily available for use. 

When the mansion was completed last year, a single look was enough to make 
Shidou completely frozen in place, just like a young boy staring at a new trumpet 
through a display window. 

"Ufufu, it's been a long time since I made some sweets.ara?" 

As Kurumi cheerfully spread out the ingredients she had bought on the kitchen, 
her eyes became wide open as if noticing something. 

The reason quickly became prevalent. The Spirits had gathered in a corner of the 
room, expressing a vigilant look. 

"Mu.What on earth are you thinking about, Kurumi?" 

"l-lf you open it, I can help." 

"Participating in war. Yuzuru will not remain silent." 

Several people spoke as they turned their gaze to Kurumi. However, their exterior 
confidence hid behind a timid fright. 

But that was only natural as well. The opponent was a Spirit that had declared her 
intention on eating Shidou. It was impossible for them not to be on alert. 

However, that was within the range of Kurumi's expectations. She relaxed her 
mouth with a 'fufu' sound before continuing to speak with a louder voice. 

"Ara, aren't you all going to start making it? Ufufu, then Shidou-san's heart will 
belong exclusively to me." 

"What.!" 

After hearing Kurumi's words, the Spirits all wrinkled their brows. 

Such a simple provocation, but even for those aware (although it appeared that 

133 








CHAPTER 3 - A MAIDEN'S TIME 


there were a few who were truly oblivious) they could turn a deaf ear to those 
words. The Spirits angrily exhaled before slowly moving to the cooking station. 

"How can I let you succeed.! I will protect Shidou! Ungunu!" 

"1-1 will also.do my best!" 

"Muku's Nushi-sama mustn't be allowed for thee to wantonly take." 

After saying so, the Spirits started arranging the prepared ingredients on hand. 
Looking at this sight, Kurumi cheerfully laughed from the bottom of her heart. 
"Ufufu, I won't lose either." 

Kurumi rolled up her sleeves, put on the apron hanging in the room, and washed 
her hands very careful y. 

Everyone else also changed the style of the appearance to prepare for cooking 
before returning to the cooking station once again. Holding out their washed 
hands to dry above their chest level and in front of the table, the posture 
resembled a surgeon preparing for surgery. 


".Ummmuu." 

However, the surgeon standing before the cooking station, no, the Spirits did not 
know in the least how to start the operation. 

After remaining silent for a few seconds, Tohka gave a confused look to Kotori. 
"Kotori, what should be done next? Umumu." 

"Eh, ah, yes." 

Kotori's eyes rounded wide like a circle for a second before she faintly nodded her 

head-although they had already talked about the necessary ingredients, the 

specific production methods had not been explained in detail yet. 

"Well, to say it briefly, you melt the piece of chocolate and then cool it in the 
refrigerator and decorate as you like." 


134 









CHAPTER 3 - A MAIDEN'S TIME 


"Oh, I understand! Ummuu 

"Say, Tohka, not just from the beginning, but a moment ago you were chewing on 
something?" 

At that time, Natsumi spoke to Tohka with half-open eyes after narrowing her 
eyebrows. 

Speaking of which, just now for some reason, Tohka's words sounded strangely 
unclear. As Kotori gazed in Tohka's direction, the reason soon became apparent. 

Tohka had already opened the chocolate bag she had bought and her hands were 
already plucking out the contents to eat heartily. 

"Hey.that's not good, Tohka. If you eat that much, there wouldn't be enough 

left to give to Shidou." 

"Muu? Ah.! Before I even noticed.!?" 

As Kotori finished, Tohka gave out a stunned expression after noticing the 
movement of her hand. 

"A-Ah, Kurumi.what a sly attack.ummmuu." 

".No, it's obviously different from that. Anyway you are still eating." 

"Ufufu, it seems to be working. Changing it so that you want to eat even 
more~~~." 

"Muu!? 1-1 can't stop.! Ummmuu." 

"Kurumi, you shouldn't immediately heckle her afterwards!" 

After Kotori shouted for a moment, she seized the chocolate bag from Tohka's 
hand, who was too exhausted to even breathe. 

"Ha.well it was good that we bought a little bit more for insurance. Everyone, 

let's get started then." 

"Umu!" 

As Kotori said while lowering her voice, Tohka vigorously nodded her head. 
However, she slanted her head immediately afterwards. 


135 












CHAPTER 3 - A MAIDEN'S TIME 


".Mu, Kotori. How can we melt this?" 

"Eh? What are you talking about; you don't need to ask that. Chocolate." 

After speaking that far, Kotori suddenly choked on her words. 

No, not just her words. For a few seconds, all movement from her ceased as her 
body became completely stationary. There was only the movement of sweat 
dripping down from her forehead very slowly. 

".Kotori-san?" 

"What's wrong?" 

"W-W-Wait just a moment." 

Being spoken to by the Spirits who all bore puzzled expressions, Kotori was finally 
able to recover from her stiffness. While wiping the sweat from her forehead, she 
tried to recall the previous time where she had made chocolate with her mother. 

However, the memories that were retrieved had begun with the chocolate 
already melted and poured into the mold. At that time, her mother said it was too 
dangerous for her to use the fire and had already melted chocolate. 

She didn't think that the drawbacks of Reine returning to <Fraxinus> would 
appear in this form. Kotori pressed her hand against her forehead as she bitterly 
clenched her teeth Then, after seeing Kotori in such a defeated state, Kurumi 
softly snickered. 

"Ara, Kotori-san. You don't know the way to temper it? I can teach it to you if you 
don't mind." 

".! H-How noisy. I understand how to do this little thing!" 

Kotori breathed out indignantly as she proudly boasted. 

But after that moment, a question filled her head. 

-Tempering? What is this tempering thing? Is it melting chocolate? 

Tempering.tenpa? 

TL note: Tenpa is a phrase referring to unnaturally curly hair. 

a n 


136 










CHAPTER 3 - A MAIDEN'S TIME 


Kotori covertly looked over at Natsumi's direction, surprised to see that her 
shoulders were shaking in surprise. 

".W-What are you doing?" 

"No, it's nothing.-Anyway, you'll first have melt the chocolate. The point is 

that you only have to dissolve it, so there's no need to think too hard about it. 

As Kotori stretched out speaking her bluff, she took out a pot from the shelf and 
placed it on top of the stove. And then, she threw in a large lump of chocolate 
into the pot before igniting the stove. The fanning of the flames from the gas 
burner against the pot was comparable to those used in circulation by 
professional Chinese restaurants. 

Ever so slowly, the chocolate lost is original shape as it melted down. Tohka and 
the others let out an 'Oh...' sound as if amazed by the sight. 

"Amazing, Kotori, it's melting perfectly." 

"Mun, it's splendid." 

"Oh, not bad, Imouto-chan, as expected of Boy's little sister." 

As everyone was praising her, Kotori remembered a faint uneasiness, but still 
puffed up in her chest in pride regardless. 

"Y-Yes, for me it's just as easy as-" 

".Hey, is something burning?" 

"Eh?" 

After hearing what Natsumi said, Kotori rushed in to check. 

"Hi i-" 


As it turned out, the melted chocolate in the bottom of the pan had boiled and 
burned in the blink of an eye. Black smoke emerged from the pot as a burning 
smel lingered around the surroundings. 

"l-lt's a disaster! Water! Pour water on the chocolate!" 

"0.Ohhh." 

"A-Alright, please take this.!" 


137 








CHAPTER 3 - A MAIDEN'S TIME 


Kotori quickly tossed the glass of water handed to her into the pot. Juuuuuuuu 

-! As that sound resounded, even more smoke emerged from the pot before 

finally simmering down. 

"Ha.ha." 

"l-l got too impatient." 

"Ne, ne, Imouto-chan, is making chocolate supposed to feel like this?" 

"Ugu." 

After being asked by Nia, Kotori felt beads of sweat emerged from her forehead. 

Inside the pot, the pitch-black liquid plunged below the leftover amount 
chocolate that didn't melt yet. At the very least, it would be impossible to call this 
delicious even after solidification. 

"Ara, ara." 

At that moment, Kotori's line of sight intersected with Kurumi's. 

While accepting Kotori's gaze, Kurumi gave a gentle smile as if saying-'I can 

come help you anytime'. 

"Ku." 

Kotori's face twisted in disappointment. Despite it being a fact that she wanted to 
ask for help, her pride wouldn't allow her to rely on Kurumi. 

".Ne, ne, Kaguya, Yuzuru, did you guys ever have a chocolate duel?" 

Lowering her voice so Kurumi wouldn't hear, Kotori decided to ask the Yamai 
sisters. The two of them placed their hands on their chins. 

"Genesis and I are incompatible. Destruction and annihilation are my origin." 

"Translation. Unfortunately there has been no chocolate match, though there was 
a fast food eating contest." 

"Is that so." 

As Kotori's shoulders drooped down in disappointment, Kaguya interjected with a 
'but'. 


138 











CHAPTER 3 - A MAIDEN'S TIME 


"It's not like we are not without any knowledge in melting that jet-black lump." 
"Agreement. I remember they were using boiling water in TV." 

"Boiling water." 

As Kotori was listening to the two, her eyes suddenly wide awake. 

At that time, she remembered that her mother had put boiling water into the pot. 
Indeed, with that there was no concern over the chocolate being burnt. 

"That's it!" 

Kotori then prepared another pot, placing water inside it before igniting the fire. 
Soon afterwards, the water began boiling as steam rose out from the pot. 

"Good." 

Kotori took the chocolate and threw it into the boiling water as it was. At that 

time, despite not knowing the reason, Natsumi gave out an 'ah.' sound as if 

noticing the misconception. 

Placing the chocolate into the water too quickly caused the corners to dissolve 
into the hot water. 

"It melted, it melted, no, we only have solidify it." 

"Hmm.honorable sister, this chocolate is beheld without semblance to what 

Muku agnises." 

While carefully staring at the movement of Kotori's hands, Mukuro gave out an 
incredulous stare. But Kotori only gave an 'ahaha' laugh in return. 

"Well, you would never have chocolate in this state unless it is handmade. But it'll 
become sturdy soon enough after putting it in a mold. Try sampling it if you're 
worried." 

"Mun, very well." 

"Kotori! Me too! I also want to sample it!" 

Tohka's eyes were shining as she raised her hand to ask. Kotori said, "alright, 
alright," before taking out some of the melted chocolate on a plate to hand to the 
two of them. 


139 







CHAPTER 3 - A MAIDEN'S TIME 


At the same time, the two of them licked the chocolate. 

However- 

".M-Mun.?" 

"Kotori.? Somehow it feels the flavor is weak." 

"Eh?" 

Kotori wrinkled her brow as she tasted it herself. 

After that, she made an expression similar to those two. 

"Hey, what's this.it's not even tasty in the slightest." 

".No, well, that's because mixing it so suddenly with hot water caused it to 

become so strange." 

With half-open eyes, Natsumi replied back. Kotori's shoulders trembled as if 
trying to find an explanation. 

"T-Then, how can one melt the chocolate? After all." 

While Kotori held against her head in distress, this time Miku gave out a bright 
expression with a puff as if she had thought up of something. 

"Ah, Kotori-san, I thought up of a good method!" 


Kotori gave a suspicious glance at Miku. Of course, if it was a good method, then 
she would want to learn by all means. But even so, Miku's cheerful expression 
seemed a bit too excessive. 

".What? Is it something like, 'hear me out, would you get angry if I said that 

you can harden the melted chocolate by licking it'?" 

"Kya! How did you understand? As I thought, we must be communicating from 
the depths of our hearts!" 

"Wait.no, let me go!" 

As Kotori pushed Miku's body back, she once again pressed against her head. 


140 















CHAPTER 3 - A MAIDEN'S TIME 


Her pride would never allow her to accept Kurumi's guidance. Looking for 
someone else who was skilled in cooking-".! Yes, Origami!" 

Kotori raised her face and turned her eyes towards Origami's direction. 

Accomplished in both the military and fine arts. Origami was perfectly competent 
in everything. If it were her, making chocolate should be one of her fortes. 

But- 

"What." 


Through the previously unnoticed personal computer and 3D printer. Origami was 
printing a nude sculpture of herself. Kotori was left flabbergasted. 

.Somehow, while carrying the chocolate computer image of herself, the object 

just now looked like something following Vienna Gashapon Gashapon. The image 
was unable to connect with the center of head. 

TL Note: Gashapon is a toy vending slot in Japan ".Good luck." 

"I will do my best." 

As Kotori spoke with sweat dripping down. Origami nodded while giving off a 
serious expression. 

For the third time, she was at a complete loss. 

Perhaps due to not being able to bear seeing Kotori like this, Natsumi spoke out in 
a very polite voice. 

".Kotori." 

".What?" 

".No, I don't know if this matters and I can't take responsibility if we fail. 

Maybe you don't want to hear what I want to say in the first place-" 

"No, so what do you want to say?" 

After Kotori spoke, she knitted her brow. Natsumi replied while dodging her line 
of sight." 


141 











CHAPTER 3 - A MAIDEN'S TIME 


".If it is a simpler way to make it, I understand." 

".Sensei!" 

Kotori quickly clasped onto Natsumi's hands. 

"Oooh.!" 

"Natsumi-san, how amazing.!" 

Then, each of the other Spirits sent out a look of respect to Natsumi. Surprised at 
this, Natsumi's shoulders trembled as she tried to remain calm under the 
flickering pairs of eyes. 

"N-No, I don't want you guys to expect this much." 

"Sensei! What should be done first!?" 

".Well, first put the chopped up chocolate in the bowl and then add the hot 

water. Ah, the temperature should also be kept the same." 

As Natsumi spewed out the instructions in an awkward manner, the Spirits were 
listening intently as they began the production of handmade chocolate. 

At that time- 

n 

Kotori's eyebrows unexpectedly shuttered. 

"-Ufufu, fufu." 

Looking at the current state of the other Spirits, Kurumi let out an inexplicable 
degree of joyful laughter. 

It wasn't ridicule designed for the weak that had challenged her. It was just as if 
she was smiling while cheerfully watching the stumped expressions of a younger 
sister. 

".No way." 

Kotori slightly shrugged her shoulders as she picked up a bowl to put in the 
chocolate. 

"Alright everyone, let's make a chocolate that won't lose to Kurumi!" 


142 













CHAPTER 3 - A MAIDEN'S TIME 


"Ooh!" 

As if to correspond with Kotori's voice, the Spirits all raised their fists up into the 
air. 


143 




CHAPTER 4 - THE RECENT SIN 


Chapter 4 - The Recent Sin 


And so, the morning of February 14th finally dawned. 

It was the day for lovers who celebrated the name of St. Valentine-the day of 

the decisive battle between Shidou and Kurumi. 


Shidou washed himself in the bathroom more carefully than usual before walking 
out. While aligning his reflection in the mirror, he slapped his own cheeks to raise 
his fighting spirit with a kioi shout. Fine droplets of water made a mildly tasteful 
sound while scattering onto the mirror. 

"-Alright." 

Needless to say, he did not forget to wipe clean the droplets of water splashed 
onto the mirror. If ignored, they would leave a white stain after drying that would 
be difficult to sweep up. 

The excessive behavior of common people.or the primitive acts of a house- 

husband. 

However, Shidou thought that this much wasn't good enough for himself. 

The opponent was a difficult rival to beat: Tokisaki Kurumi. While Shidou had first 
encountered her a few months ago, so far she was the only Spirit he had failed to 
seal. She would not be an opponent who would be easily made bashful. Shidou 
would probably need to wash his face again. 

But even so, Shidou did not intend to die today. 

For this reason, he couldn't even let the small stains go. If he entrusted the 
cleaning to Kotori, she would definitely leave a scratch on the mirror by forcibly 
trying to rub the stain off. 

Shidou thought that Kotori would likely fume furious if she ever heard that. While 
opening the door to the living room, he suddenly stopped his feet cold. 

Kotori was standing at the end of the door, as if waiting for Shidou. 


144 






CHAPTER 4 - THE RECENT SIN 


"Oh?!" 

Although Shidou's thoughts hadn't been seen through, it was still very surprising 
to see Kotori's sudden appearance. 

Seeing such a reaction from Shidou, Kotori pouted her lips in dissatisfaction. 

"Hey, hey, what is it." 

"No, sorry.I was a little surprised just now." 

Kotori looked at Shidou's face with a doubtful expression for a few seconds, but 
then said, "Well, it doesn't matter," and shrugged her shoulders. 

She casually took out something hidden behind her hands. 

"Take this." 

"Huh?" 

Shidou stared with wide open eyes, looking back and forth between Kotori and 
the object in her hand. It was a small box decorated with a beautiful wrapping: 
black ribbons and red wrapping paper, which looked just like Kotori in her military 
uniform. 

"Oh.perhaps it's chocolate?" 

Hearing Shidou ask so, Kotori's nose issued an 'hmm' noise, while her cheeks 
were slightly reddish as she adverted her eyes. 

".Just this once, although there's nothing to be boast about receiving this from 

your little sister." 

"What're you saying? Thank you, Kotori." 

Shidou smiled as he took the chocolate, while Kotori's face became increasingly 
red as she turned around. 

"Okay, okay, let's compare this then, look." 

"Hmm?" 

As Shidou tilted his head, Kotori gently raised her hand as she gestured towards 
the direction of the living room. 


145 







CHAPTER 4 - THE RECENT SIN 


As if in rhythm with her command, there seemed to be five Spirits waiting in the 
living room, all of them gathering around Shidou while holding small boxes and 
bags in their hands. 

From right to left, they were Yoshino, Natsumi, Mukuro, Miku, and Nia 
respectively. 

"Wow, did everyone come? It's still quite early today too." 

"Yes.because I want to hand this to Shidou-san." 

".Well, I probably did nothing good, but for the time being." 

"Mun, prithee, Nushi-sama, attain receipt. It shan't lose to that wench." 

"It's fine yobecause we didn't put any strange things in." 

"Yes, yes, it's something that is all natural." 

"Why does the second half of that sentence sound so terrifying!?" 

Receiving a loud scream from Shidou, Nia and Miku both began laughing. 

In any case, with chocolate continuously piled up in his hands, Shidou gave a wry 
smile as he thanked everyone. 

"Haha.thanks, everyone. It's the first time after being born that I've received 

so much chocolate." 

"No.you're welcome." 

"Ne-ne-please open it!" 

"Oh, is it okay? Well then." 

In response to Miku's urging, Shidou placed the received boxes and bags he 
received on the table and began opening the packages one by one. 

Within the turn of the eye, there were various shaped chocolates like heart 
shaped, star shaped, and even truffles. One can notice from a glance that it was 
not a readily made product bought at a store. 

"Oh, these are all handmade!?" 

In response to Shidou's question, the Spirits surely gave a proud nod. 


146 










CHAPTER 4 - THE RECENT SIN 


"What's the matter? Kotori, did you lose chocolate by placing it directly in the pot 
first rather than putting it in hot water first?" 

"Thhhhhhhat kind of thing never happened!" 

Kotori, while in an unabashed trembling state, turned her eyes to see a scene of 
the Spirits laughing merrily. 

It appeared that she did something similar to that. Although Kotori was not 
entirely skilled at cooking, she would always be in a stubborn place as she did 
rough work. 

Nonetheless, the workmanship of chocolate lined up before him was amazing 
coming from novices. Not only that, while being neatly lined up in front, the 
decoration also displayed its own very lovely characteristics. 

By the way, Kotori's chocolate had a very orthodox star shape, Yoshino's was 
Yoshinon-shaped, Natsumi's truffle-shaped, Mukuro's had a wide variety of large 
and small star shapes, whereas Miku's was patterned like a musical note, and 
Nia's styled in a semi-circular silky milk chocolate with a strawberry protruding 
from the chocolate, making it look like a breast-shaped chocolate. 

.Although there were a few embarrassing things put in, it would truly exhaust a 

man's blessings to be able to receive so much chocolate. Shidou once again 
thanked everyone and tasted every chocolate piece by piece. 

"Urn, this is delicious! Haha, this would overwhelm even a professional." 

After hearing Shidou's words, the Spirits all smiled. 

In the middle of the group, Kotori displayed a relieved expression while shrugging 
her shoulders. 

"If you like it, then more than anything else, you'll have to work hard today." 

"Ah-that's right." 

Shidou gave a vigorous nod and took another piece of chocolate into his mouth. 
The momentary rush of energy from the sugar produced a feeling that everyone 
was giving encouragement from behind him, filling every inch of his body with 
motivation. 

Seeing Shidou in this state, Kotori could only shrug her shoulders with a wry smile. 
"Looks like there wasn't any need to worry.-Ah, but you may not want to eat 


147 





CHAPTER 4 - THE RECENT SIN 


too much for your own good, okay?" 

"Huh?" 

With Kotori's words, Shidou dropped into cold sweat. 

"No way, really what else could be added." 

"That's not it! I wanted to say that there are a few people left in the school group, 
so it's better if you didn't eat too much!" 

Kotori flicked Shidou's forehead as she spoke. 

After twenty minutes, Shidou got dressed and left home while being sent off by 
everyone present. Then, after turning around, he saw Tohka's presence in front of 
the door. 

"! Oh, Shidou! Good morning!" 

After noticing him, Tohka, full of vitality, waved her hand merrily. 

"Ah, good morning, Tohka. How long have you been waiting?" 

"No, that's not true! I got here just now!" 

After saying that, Tohka gave out a snivel from her running nose. Looking 
carefully, it was noticeable that her nose was slightly red. Although, he didn't fully 
understand what Tohka had meant by 'just now', it seemed as if she had been in a 
cold place for a while now. 

However, it did seem Tohka didn't care about that at aall. From her hands, she 
delivered a small paper bag containing a finely packaged small box straight to 
Shidou. 

"Shidou! Happy Valentine's day!" 

And after saying that, she displayed a dazzling smile. 

"Oh, hey." 

Having already received chocolate from Kotori and the others, he should have 
been prepared for such a gift. However, as a result of receiving it in a cheerful 
manner, Shidou's face slightly redden as he took the gift. 

"Thank you, Tohka." 


148 





CHAPTER 4 - THE RECENT SIN 


"Umu, I'm confident in it!" 

Tohka nodded while fixing her sparkling eyes onto Shidou. 

"Haha." 

Although it hinted at a little bit of immodest manners, it couldn't be helped. 
Shidou opened the box in order to view its contents. 

Inside, with a gentle aromatic fragrance, there were lots of truffle chocolates 
covered with yellow powder. 

This was- 

"Ah, perhaps this is soybean flour? 

"Oh, that's right!" 

Tohka raised her hands with a clap. Indeed, it was a tiny soybean-flavored truffle. 
In a sense, it was a dish with a very Tohka-like feeling. 

Shidou picked up a piece of chocolate and threw it into his mouth. The sweetness 
of the chocolate blended with the aroma of the soybean. Although he didn't 
understand what instruction she had learned to make this, it was still a very 
noteworthy accomplishment. 

"Un, delicious! Well done, Tohka-" 

Before finishing, Shidou abruptly stopped his words. 

Tohka was looking at Shidou with a very eager expression. 

".Do you also want to eat it, Tohka?" 

"I N-No, it's okay, this is a gift given to Shidou!" 

"Well, there should be no problem for me to give it to Tohka then?" 

As Shidou said that, Tohka opened her eyes like a full circle. 

"Mu! That is.that's right." 

"That's good, here." 

Shidou placed a piece of chocolate gently into Tohka's mouth, causing her 


149 







CHAPTER 4 - THE RECENT SIN 


muscles to arc back as she revealed a heart-struck expression. 

"Ah.Umu, delicious! Call the chef!" 

"No, this is what you made." 

As Shidou responded with a wry smile, Tohka exposed an expression of surprise 
when she said "Hah! That's right!" 

Either way, it wasn't as if they could eat all of them here. In order to enjoy the 
remainder for later, Shidou carefully placed the box back into the bag. 

"Well, let's go then.-That's saying if Kurumi isn't here today." 

"Mu? Oh, that's right." 

Tohka looked around the surroundings restlessly as she spoke. Meanwhile, 
Shidou was thinking as he placed his hand on his chin. 

Today was the day of the decisive battle. The main event would be left for after 
school. 

Shidou yelled "Okay!" as he clenched his fist with his raise his energy, and then 
headed off to the route to school with Tohka. 

".Hmm?" 

After that, it took about twenty minutes. 

Reaching the school entrance, Shidou stared with dumbfounded eyes. 

That was because the Yamai sisters were standing in front of the left and right 
sides of the gate, like Kongourikishi waiting for them. 

"Kaguya and Yuzuru? What are you doing in a place like this." 

"You've arrived, Shidou! Kuku, my golden crucifix arises here!" 

"Presentation. I was waiting, please accept this." 

Kaguya and Yuzuru quickly obstructed Shidou's words by handing over a box. The 
students who were walking around seemed to have immediately recognized the 
meaning of this action from today's date. Faced with such a dignified and 
generous way of giving chocolate, there was sporadic applause coming from the 
surroundings. 


150 







CHAPTER 4 - THE RECENT SIN 


"Oh, oh.thank you. But there's no need to give it here." 

"Kuku, what did you say? By going to the same school, we would be fools to let go 
of this advantage." 

"Assent. By showing this in front of everyone, there is also a point of deterrence 
against enemies." 

The Yamai Sisters were full of self-confidence as they finished speaking, turning 
their bodies around just like a tornado. 

"The purpose has been achieved! Farewell!" 

"Commentary. Although, I wanted to show off, it was embarrassing to hand it in 
front of everyone after all, so I want to leave as soon as possible. That's what 
Kaguya said." 

"I have said no such thing!?" 

Kaguya raised a screaming voice as she left to chase after Yuzuru, who ran earlier 
to escape into the school building. 

Incidentally, after confirming, Kaguya's chocolate was cross-shaped and 
decorated with gold leaves. Meanwhile Kaguya's chocolate was decorated with 
Alasan confectionary beads that gave it a brilliant silver hue. 

"As usual, those two resemble a passing storm." 

Shidou felt a drop of sweat fall down as he spoke, and then he brought his newly 
received chocolate into the school building. 

But-after entering the classroom, Shidou felt his eyes once again stare in open 

bafflement. 

"What." 

However, Shidou's reaction was a matter of course. Everyone would display a 
similar reaction if a statue of an Angel appeared on top of their desks. 

Upon a closer inspection, he found that the statue was entirely made out of 
chocolate. 

Seeing such exquisite craftsmanship skills, Shidou inadvertently felt perspiration 
from his forehead. 


151 







CHAPTER 4 - THE RECENT SIN 


Despite having said that, the culprit was obvious. 

".Origami." 

"What." 

As Shidou called that name frantically, there was an immediate reply, since the 
culprit was sitting in the seat left of him. 

Yes, the face of the statute, from whichever point of view, looked identical to 
Origami. 

"What is that.what, that's.amazing. Thank you" 

"I'm glad." 

As a result of not being able to find the words to speak after being given a 
straightforward impression. Origami slowly loosened her mouth while blushing. 

"But I cannot eat it right now, so it'd be appreciated if I could save it..." 

"I made a blunder." 

As Origami finished, she took out a plastic cover to wrap around the chocolate. In 
less than a minute, the chocolate was packaged by the beautiful girl's hand. 

"Here, no problem." 

"T-Thanks.as expected of you." 

Shidou spoke with a wry smile as he placed the bag with the chocolate from 
Kaguya on the desk. 

".Hmm?" 

Suddenly, he noticed a whisper from the end of the classroom. 

".bullshit, bullshit, bullshit, bullshit-" 

"Die die die die die die" 

"Bomb.material.how to make." 

Yes, after seeing the things in Shidou's hands, the boys in the classroom issued 
dark feelings of resentment. 

152 













CHAPTER 4 - THE RECENT SIN 


n 


n 


Shidou's face made a powerless twitch. Although the mood was very complicated, 
it wasn't as if it was impossible to understand their feelings. 

Just like he had said to Kotori and the others this morning, it was the first time he 
had received so much chocolate in his life. Until last year, he had only gotten 
chocolate from his mother and Kotori. 

Well, his friend Hiroto Tonomachi had said, "Fuffuffu.he had bought all of the 

limited edition chocolate from the neighborhood store so that no one could send 
chocolate." 

Although he could buy high quality chocolate for himself, one couldn't count on 
that. 

Incidentally, just as Tonomachi mentioned that, the other boys began to stare at 
Shidou with faces filled with anger and grief. 

"Gentlemen.I will now preform the ceremony." 

Suddenly, at the other end of the classroom, Tonomachi was about to open a box 
in his hand. 

Inside there was a chocolate doll with the name 'Itsuka' written in white 
chocolate. 

As Tonomachi slowly opened the box, the boys began to dance in a strange ritual 

that emitted a 'dondokodokodokodondokodokodoko.' sound in rhythm to a 

drum. 

"Chowatsu!" 

Just as that bizarre voice reached its climax, Tonomachi took out a large nail from 
his pocket and struck the chest of the doll written with 'Itsuka' as he raised his 
voice in a strange manner. 

A crack entered the body of chocolate, causing the 'Itsuka' to fall apart. 

Then, the boys who were scrambling around rushed to the chocolate fragments. 
"Hyahha! Itsuka fell apart!" 

"Delicious! Delicious, ah!" 


153 









CHAPTER 4 - THE RECENT SIN 


"I want to... eat Itsuka.in order to gain Itsuka's power." 


While watching this strange scene from the end of the world, Shidou could only 
wipe the sweat dripping from his cheek. 

Ordinarily, these guys wouldn't be so ridiculous.but sure enough, Valentine's 

day had a special presence for boys as well. 

Suddenly, as a result of not being able to see the boys reach this way, three girls 
stood up together with a sigh. 

The class' three specialty maidens, Yamabuki Ai, Hazakura Mai, and Fujibakama 
Mii-collectively known as the Ai Mai Mii trio. 

"Really, how are boys so helpless." 

"Hey, hey, you all come here-" 

"Come-come-" 

After speaking, Ai, Mai, and Mii took out a container from a plastic bag. Packed 
inside, obligatory chocolate scattered around and filling the container to the brim 
was visibly seen. 

So, the boys who were clustered at the sacrificial altar raised their faces at a 
tremendous speed after catching the scent of chocolate in the air. 

While still scattered around, there were roughly thirty pieces of chocolate. 

However, there was not even a single one that had touched the ground. 

"Thank you.thank you." 

"To receive chocolate from girls.such a sweet fragrance." 

"Itsuka's poison.has been purified." 

From the boys in the group, the dark fog surrounding them dissipated (or so it 
would seem). 


At that time, nobody knew that a member of the art department who was deeply 
moved by this act would later draw the masterpiece 'The Goddesses of Freedom 
spreading Chocolate to the masses'. 


154 














CHAPTER 4 - THE RECENT SIN 


"Mu, what was that? So noisy." 
".Well, just leave them be." 


Then- 


Suddenly, the Spirits all looked at the same direction together. 

Shidou's line of sight was also affected by that direction as his shoulders gently 
trembled. 

Kurumi was standing at the end of that line of sight. The moment their eyes meet, 
she gave him a sweet smile. 

"Ufufu, good morning, Shidou-san. It's really lively this early in the morning. 

"Oh.Good morning, Kurumi." 

Shidou returned back the greeting, but couldn't help but give a 'guu' sound from 
a cold lump stuck in his throat. 

But that was only natural, as Kurumi was the one who designated the plan for 
today. 

Yesterday, as well as the day before yesterday, Shidou and Kurumi launched a 
fierce offensive and defensive battle. 

But the circumstances begged to differ today due to the timeframe occurring 
after school. As a result, it would be a situation with just the two of them alone 
without the presence of the other Spirits. Perhaps, Kurumi would come in 
seriousness to win him over. 


Shidou's throat felt a bit thirsty from the tension. Kurumi, who took notice of this, 
lifted the corners of her lips into a smile. 

"Fufu, it's no good to be anxious, Shidou-san." 

Kurumi walked forward and spoked while affixing her lips close to Shidou's ear. 
"Happy things should be-saved for later enjoyment." 

155 








CHAPTER 4 - THE RECENT SIN 


".~Tsu." 

Inadvertently, due to the sound resounding in his eardrum, his body could help 
but shiver a bit. 

However, in order for Kurumi to not notice this trembling, Shidou decided to 
endure it as he cracked a smile. 

"Oh, I'm looking forward to it.-You can rest assured that your room in the 

Spirit mansion's already prepared." 

"Ara, ara." 

Kurumi returned the smile at the same time as the school bell rang. 


ooo 


"Kihihihi!" 

"Kihihihi!" 

"Hehehe!" 

"Hehehe!" 

"Now, now, what time is the next schedule ?" 
"It's still an hour from now." 

"Ara, ara." 

"Really makes one anxious." 

"How can they not be tired of playing around?" 
"Kihihi, hiki!" 

"That's right." 

"Right, those girls for example, that is." 


156 





CHAPTER 4 - THE RECENT SIN 


"At best it should be something akin to an event happening only a few times." 
"Right, right, and." 

"Yes, yes, those girls must have a reason for their actions." 

"There's no way to blame them at this point." 

"Of course, we also have a reason for our actions." 

"And then, there's no way to avoid colliding with each other." 

"We won't be merciful, though." 

"Alright, alright, so then next." 

"We should head out now." 

"Yes, yes." 

"Thank you." 

"Please, drop down to dearest death." 

"Please, lead to have a meaningful demise." 

"For me." 

"For me." 

"For me." 

"-For Shidou-san." 


ooo 

-Today, time passed by at a fast pace. 

Needless to say, the hands of the clock turned at a rapid pace. While he thought 
of the events that would transpire after school, classes concluded. 

157 




CHAPTER 4 - THE RECENT SIN 


While listening to the chime signaling the end of class, Shidou thought of 
something. 

However, no one could blame Shidou. 

After all, today's date was with the Worst Spirit, Kurumi. 

Although her appearance was that of a seductive girl, her true identity was- 

".Let it be." 

Thinking about such a thing, Shidou closed his lips as if to remember. 

Kurumi was surely a Spirit with a mighty power. It would be a lie to say he wasn't 
terrified of her. 

However, Shidou had to make her fall in love today. How could a man be running 
away, terrified to open her heart? 

-Fears, panic; these feeling must be thrown away. 

Simply faced with the date was enough to escalate the pulse of his heartbeat to a 
violent pace, as an exhilarating feeling of tension permeated through the air. 

In order to regain his fighting spirit, Shidou patted down his cheeks with the palm 
of his hand. 

^Apparently, there's nothing for me to add J 

As if to match the time Shidou found his resolve, the intercom worn on his right 
ear echoed with Kotori's voice. 

In order to support Shidou, <Fraxinus>, where Kotori and the crew were waiting, 
was already flying above Raizen High School. Several autonomous cameras were 
sent into the classroom to observe Kurumi's actions. 

Determined, Shidou slowly got up from his chair. 

At that moment, he heard a small voice from the seat next to him. 

"Shidou." 

Shidou turned around and saw that Tohka was sending off an uneasy look filled 
with concern. 

"Tohka." 


158 







CHAPTER 4 - THE RECENT SIN 


While giving a smile, Shidou took out a lunch box from his bag-it was the same 

one Tohka had given him this morning. 

Then, in an action surprising Tohka, Shidou opened the lunch box and used his 
thumb to throw a soy truffle into his mouth. 

"Un, delicious-now I feel like I have the strength of a hundred people." 

"Oh.!" 

Tohka opened her eyes wide as she waved her hand merrily. 

Then at the same time, from the side opposite of Tohka-a strange glance was 

felt from the left-hand side. 

"Shidou, eating my chocolate is worth the strength of a thousand people." 

Origami remained expressionless, but spoke with an unusual intensity. 

However, Origami's chocolate was a delicate one-sixth model of Origami herself. 
Truly, it would be a terrible spectacle to take out and causally eat like Tohka's. 
While giving a wry smile and scratching his face, Shidou turned his body to 
Origami. 

"I'll eat Origami's later-after sealing Kurumi's reiryoku." 


Nodding to Shidou's words. Origami seemed to have been persuaded. 

Shidou stared at the two of them alternatively, and then spoke with words 
brimming with his resolve. 

"I'm heading out now." 

"Umu.!" 

"Good luck." 

Giving a shout of confirmation to the two of them, Shidou advanced his footsteps 
forward, not loosening his pace until he was in front of Kurumi. 

"Yo, Kurumi." 

"Ara, Shidou-san, how may I help you?" 


159 







CHAPTER 4 - THE RECENT SIN 


Perhaps, even after being the one to specify the day of the decisive battle, Kurumi 
had feigned nescience in order to speak in a joking manner. 

Shidou took in a gentle breath and, as if adapting to that playful tone, stretched 
out his hand. 

"After this, can I invite you on a date?" 

"Ara, ara." 

Kurumi deliberately gave a surprised expression before slowly relaxing her 
cheeks. 

"If you are okay with me, I would be glad to." 

Then, with the elegance of a daughter from a noble family, Kurumi took Shidou's 
hand in order to raise herself up. 

From the eyes of a third party, the exchange came as no doubt as a lady accepting 
a man's invitation. In fact, after witnessing this scene, the other students began to 
spread gossip. 

However, the reactions of Tohka and Origami were a little bit different from 
everyone else. 

Their eyes teemed with tension, but it also showed their trust in Shidou as they 
watched him head out the door. 

Because they knew-despite the dainty language used, for Shidou and Kurumi, 

it was the beacon heralding the outbreak of war between them. 

"Well, let's head out." 

"Ah, alright." 

Shidou nodded in agreement as he adjusted his uniform and left the classroom 
with Kurumi. 

On the way, when they passed the neighboring classroom, Kaguya and Yuzuru 
came out to give him a thumbs up. Shidou returned the gesture as he walked into 
the corridor. 

Although the students were bothered by this strange sight, their ruffled murmurs 
were not picked up by Shidou's ear. 


160 




CHAPTER 4 - THE RECENT SIN 


There was no point in worrying about his reputation in the class any longer. In this 
year alone, Shidou had been given disgraceful nicknames like 'transfer student 
hunter', 'speed of light Itsuka', and 'the man who piled up virtue in a previous life 
that has now overclocked to the present'. Right now, if one or two more scandals 
were made, the formless basis for these rumors would be like driving more nails 
into a straw doll that had already been pin-cushioned. 

[T-Shidou.H 

As Shidou was thinking about such a thing while walking, Kotori's voice was 
suddenly heard from the intercom. 

ITl've got the options. Let's decide where to go before leaving school J 

While also observing Kurumi and Shidou walking, three choices were being 
displayed on the main monitor of the aerial warship <Fraxinus>. 

1. Home 

2. Karaoke 

3. Internet Cafe 

The options for a course of action were charted by a Realizer manifestation device 
that was indicating Kurumi's current mood and mental state in relation to her 
feelings towards Shidou. 

"All crew, decide!" 

As Kotori issued the order, all of the crew members on the lower deck began to 
operate their consoles at once. 

After a few minutes, the monitor displayed the statistical results. 

Although it was by a narrow margin, (2) was the one that had gathered the most 
votes. Kotori stroked her chin. 

"Well, it is reasonable.but Maria, aren't today's choices somewhat biased?" 

As Kotori finished, the characters MARIA appeared on a screen as a voice was 
heard from a speaker set on the bridge. 

<Fraxinus>'s management Al, also known as Maria. 

"As I have said before, the options are automatically generated based on various 


161 





CHAPTER 4 - THE RECENT SIN 


data on the Spirit rather than created by me out of thin air. However, if I dare 
express my opinion, should it not be considered the wining move for the match?" 

"Match?" 

"Yes, the adversary is Tokisaki Kurumi; she is not an opponent with which one 
could afford to be negligent. I believe that we should be prepared for each choice 
to bear its own risk, so we ought to instead commence with a swift attack 
immediately." 

"Swift attack.?" 

"To put it bluntly, we should lock the two of them in a room so they cannot be 
intruded upon." 

".S-So that's it." 

Kotori's eyebrows twitched as her voice resonated an unsteady echo. But she 
immediately switched her thought process by bringing the microphone close to 
her mouth. 

"W-Well anyway, Shidou, choose (2)-" 

"No-wait a moment." 

But just as Kotori was moving closer to the microphone to give the instructions to 
Shidou via intercom, the man himself suddenly responded so in the center of the 
monitor screen. 

While changing their shoes near the entrance of the school, Shidou raised his 
voice to block out the instructions coming from <Fraxinus>. 

Since Kurumi was also changing her shoes there, he had to do so in such a loud 
voice to prevent the possibility of their conversation being overheard. After 
quickly glancing aside to Kurumi's direction, Shidou placed his hand on the 
intercom. 

"What's the matter? Is there something wrong?" 

As Kotori asked in a suspicious manner, Shidou gently shook his head in 
repudiation before continuing to speak. 

"-I've already decided where to go." 

"What?" 


162 







CHAPTER 4 - THE RECENT SIN 


Kotori let out an astonished voice. Then, another voice other than Kotori's 
resounded in his ears. A girl's voice that resembled a clear silver bell: the 
<Fraxinus> Al, Maria. 

"In other words, does that mean you do not believe in my performance?" 

"No, it's not like that." 

Shidou struggled to answer while making a troubled faced. Then, a few minutes 
later, he heard a laughter-like breathing from Maria. 

"Just kidding-We are only at most the support. If there is a firm will, a man 

should be able to implement it." 

"Maria." 

After Shidou had said that name, Maria continued to make an inquiry. 

"How about it. Commander?" 

Usually, Maria would just call her Kotori, but it seemed she had intentionally used 
a more formal title this time to strengthen her argument. 

After a momentary pause, Kotori heaved out a heavy sigh. 

"Really, if I were to say it's no good, then I would be called an obstinate person." 

So, after the hearing the sound of hair being rustled, an 'alright' was heard being 
transmitted back. 

"There is no doubt that Shidou is the world's best specialist in Spirits. If you say 

so, then I'llrecognize it as well-just as Maria stated, we're responsible for 

supporting you. Do as you like. If it turns out to be a miserable failure, then that's 
when our work begins." 

"Ah.thank you, Kotori, Maria." 

Just as Shidou gave that acknowledgment, Kurumi came back with her shoes 
already changed. 

"I've kept you waiting, Shidou-san." 

"No, then shall we go?" 

"Eh, by the way-" 


163 







CHAPTER 4 - THE RECENT SIN 


While speaking, Kurumi gently placed her finger on his lips. 
"I have somewhere I would like to go to." 

// y/ 


In response to Kurumi's words, Shidou quickly furrowed his brows. Immediately 
from the intercom, Kotori's voice could be heard giving an 'ah cha' sound. 

"It looks like there's a schedule conflict. If we could have taken the lead it would 
have been great, but if that is too difficult to influence, then the priority should be 
achieving Kurumi's aspirations first." 

"Er." 

However, Shidou wasn't very nervous. 

Why was it-he didn't understand why, but somehow it felt that Kurumi's train 

of thought was aligning with his own plans. 

"Actually, I also have a place I'd like to go-probably it's the same place as 

yours." 

"Ara, ara." 

Kurumi gave a smile as if amused by Shidou's words, laughing while grabbing hold 
of his hand. 

"How interesting, so let's head to that answer together-please take me to the 

place you thought of, Shidou-san." 

"Ah, leave it to me." 

For a moment, Shidou felt a sudden chill from the cold touch of Kurumi's hand, 
but somehow he managed to avoid having his trembling noticed as he grasped 
onto her hand. 

Then, the two of them slowly walked towards the direction of the station. 

-After several minutes, with brief conversations made between Shidou and 

Kotori, the two of them finally exited from Tenguu Station. 

"Here." 

The two of them entered inside the building, stopping by in front of a certain shop 


164 







CHAPTER 4 - THE RECENT SIN 


just as Kotori's voice was heard in the intercom. 

Kotori also probably noticed. Here was-a lingerie shop which Shidou and 

Kurumi had visited before during a previous date. 

"Well.is this the place that Shidou-san wanted to come?" 

Kurumi started from the shop window, her mouth exposing a smile as Shidou 
nodded his head. 

"Ah, yes." 

"Ufufu.Is that so? Shidou-san wants to see me in my underwear that much." 

".Well, that's not it, no, that's it, but it's not like that." 

In the face of such a teasing response from Kurumi, Shidou could not help but 
become so incoherent. Seeing Shidou in such a state, Kurumi let out a huff of 
laughter. 

After that, Kurumi looked at the shop again before speaking. 

"-That's the correct answer." 

"Eh?" 

"The place that I wanted to come-accurately speaking, here is no mistake. 

Ufufu, I remember me and Shidou-san coming here. I'm so happy." 

After speaking so, Kurumi exposed a smile. 

That's right, the Kurumi standing right here now and the Kurumi that went to this 
shop with Shidou in the past were both the same person and not the same 
person. 

Last year in June, the Kurumi that had approached Shidou and gone on a date 
with him was a clone born from Kurumi's <Zafkiel>. 

"I've been thinking about it ever since that day. I wonder what / felt while visiting 

here with Shidou-san-what in the world / was thinking before having her heart 

snatched away by Shidou-san." 


In the midst of Kurumi's words, Shidou fell silent. 


165 









CHAPTER 4 - THE RECENT SIN 


At that time, Kurumi had walked and laughed together with him on the street, but 
the Kurumi who had reached out for his hand on the school rooftop now no 
longer existed. 

"Kurumi, you-" 

Shidou opened his mouth, but stopped not a moment later. 

Since the words spoken by Kurumi's face seemed to emit a somewhat 
melancholic and lonely expression. 

"Although she existed as an immature child, that was me as well." 


Shidou plunged into silence once again, but after a few seconds, he took in a 
gentle sigh. 

Then, Shidou clenched in more vigor into the hand that was holding onto 
Kurumi's. 

".? Shidou-san?" 

"Great, of course that's truly the answer to the date of that time." 

"Eh?" 

Kurumi seemed shocked at Shidou's words while turning over her eyes. 
Meanwhile, Shidou raised his mouth as he looked back. 

"Although it was a clone, I am a man who once caught Tokisaki Kurumi. Just like 

that, let me follow the same route as that time.-After today is over, you'll 

only be thinking about me." 

"Haha." 

With a dumfounded expression in her eyes, Kurumi loosened her mouth with a 
laugh. 

Then, she returned the favor by clenching back with even more force onto the 
grip she was using to hold onto Shidou's hand. 

"I'm looking forward to it. Ufufu, Shidou-san, can you capture me?" 

The two of them smiled at each other as they entered the shop side by side. 


166 






CHAPTER 4 - THE RECENT SIN 


This was a lingerie shop. Naturally, there was an array of female undergarments 
on display in the store. It looked like a flower garden with numerous multicolored 
flowers in bloom. 

Through such flowers, Kurumi walked gracefully in rhythm step by step, just like a 
butterfly. 

Glossy black hair, a black coat, and a single red eye, it looked like a lovely butterfly 
with jet-black wings. 

"-Hey, Shidou-san, of course you'll select underwear for me, won't you?" 

Kurumi turned her head over as she flashed a mischievous smile. Seeing such a 
lovely appearance was even a little dangerous for Shidou, as he felt his heartbeat 
speed up. 

".That, ah, of course." 

"Ufufu, how fun. Come-which one do you think looks good?" 

Kurumi jokingly tilted her head as she asked. 

Behind her were countless flowers, it was like Kurumi was pointing numerous 
multicolored weapons at him. 

At that time, a voice came from the earpiece asking a question. 

"-Need an option, Shidou?" 

".No, please let me think about it here." 

With a whisper, Shidou stepped forward without fear as he looked at the 
underwear that was lined up on display in the store. 

However, it would be difficult to say that choosing a sexy see-through underwear 
would be a good move. That is to say, in a match where the first to fall in love 
lost, allowing Kurumi to equip such a destructive outfit may cause irreversible 
damage to him. 

A few minutes later, he found something suitable for Kurumi, an undergarment 
that was exotic but not too erotic. Shidou called out to Kurumi. 

"Kurumi, how about this?" 

"Ara, ara, it's pretty cute, I thought that Shidou-san would definitely choose that 

167 






CHAPTER 4 - THE RECENT SIN 


kind of underwear." 

While speaking, Kurumi pointed to the sensational underwear worn by a 
mannequin. Shidou felt a glimmer of sweat fall down his cheek. 

"N-N-No, I'm saying that this underwear might be unexpectedly suitable for you, 
right?" 

"Ufufu, is that it? If Shidou-san says so. I'll try it." 

With a blissful expression, Kurumi took the outfit Shidou had selected to the 
changing room. 

Then, after a few minutes. 

With a swish sound, the curtain opened to reveal Kurumi's figure in underwear. 


Looking at such a figure, Shidou unexpectedly choked on his own breath. 

He cursed himself for his shallowness and carelessness. Surely, in consideration to 
the potential damage to himself, Shidou chose a design with a relative low degree 
of exposure. 

However, he had forgotten that the value of underwear was not only determined 
by exposure level. 

-Predecessors had said, "Victory lies not in the erotic underwear, but rather in 

pure white underwear." 

As a result, lingerie that should have been relatively modest, produced synergistic 
effects beyond expectations by enrobing Kurumi with the finest of materials. 

Bewitchingly pure, lovely while also being a polished beauty. In that gap, Shidou 
could only remain speechless for a while. 

"-Shidou-san?" 

"Eh.ah." 

Hearing his name being called, Shidou was brought back to reality. 

"How is it? Does it become me?" 


168 





CHAPTER 4 - THE RECENT SIN 


"Ah.it's very suitable, suitable to the point of being dangerous. 

After Shidou finished speaking, Kurumi looked surprised for an instant as her 
cheeks were slightly blushing. 

"Ufufu, in that case, does that mean I caught Shidou-san?" 

"Hey.what's that about?" 

In response to Kurumi's words, Shidou shrugged his shoulders while speaking. In 
actuality, he was on the verge of pretending to be brave, but there was nothing 
else he could say. 

He didn't know if the real intentions behind his words were noticed, but Kurumi 
suddenly revealed a smiling expression. 

"Well, let's get this then-Shidou-san." 

While speaking, Kurumi beckoned him over. Shidou slowly walked towards her 
while inclining his hand downwards. 

"Take this." 

"Hmm.?" 

Kurumi handed something over to him that was rolled up by a black cloth. 
Standing next to the mystery, Shidou wrinkled his eyebrow in curiosity. 

"What is this.ah, this-!" 

Unraveling the cloth with both hands-Shidou felt a sudden spasm come from 

his diaphragm. 

However, that was only natural. What just got handed over to him was the 
underwear that Kurumi had just worn, with a faint residue of warm temperature 
still remaining from being in contact with her body. 


169 









CHAPTER 4 - THE RECENT SIN 



"Ufufu, since it's a rare occasion, today I'll be wearing the underwear that Shidou- 
san picked for me.-Please take care of that." 

170 












CHAPTER 4 - THE RECENT SIN 


"O-Oh.?" 

Despite not knowing what to say, Shidou still felt obligated to reply while his face 
turned red. 


ooo 


"Hmm." 

About two hours had elapsed since the start of the date. 

While observing the situation between Kurumi and Shidou in <Fraxinus>'s bridge, 
Kotori stirred around the Chupa-Chups in her mouth. 

On the monitor, the two of them had left the lingerie shop and were walking side 
by side on the street towards their next destination. 

Shidou's hand was firmly holding onto Kurumi's. It didn't seem like Kurumi was 
annoyed at it. 

Actually, although her reaction width was narrow, Kurumi's relationship values 
were by no means denoted as bad. 

".How strange." 

Reine spoke while placing her hand on her chin. She was probably thinking the 
same thing. 

Giving out a slight groan, Kotori let out an 'ah' sound as she looked at the 
numerical value at the end of the screen. 

There, it was denoting Kurumi's mental state, however-".Clearly, there's a 

difference in Kurumi's values during peacetime. It's as if she's under extreme 
stress. However, this reaction is not caused by the date with Shin. This is." 


Hearing Reine's words, Kotori made a sullen face. 

The Spirits being under stress was not a desirable condition for Kotori. 


171 










CHAPTER 4 - THE RECENT SIN 


However, reflected on the screen, Kurumi's expression seemed joyful. Yet, this 
did not diminish the feeling from the value by any means. On the contrary, there 
was a scent of an unidentifiable, dangerous atmosphere. 

"-Anyway, everyone, don't be careless." 

"Roger that!" 

As Kotori spoke, the crew responded together in unison. 

o 

By ten o'clock, Shidou and Kurumi were sitting side by side on the park bench. 

Ever since they had departed from the lingerie shop, they went on towards the 
following route. 

Walking beside each other on the same path, eating at the same store-and 

then finally coming here. 

As a dark curtain descended upon the sky, only enough moonlight and sporadic 
streetlights scattered illuminance. Already, not even the shadows of a person 
remained in the vicinity, creating the illusion that only two people were left 
behind in the world. 

In the middle of February, the temperature after sunset was so cold that one 
could exhale a white mist with every breath. Originally, it wasn't a climate where 
one could stay out for long. 

However, the park was an indispensable part for the date between Shidou and 
Kurumi. 

"Shidou-san, do you remember? This place." 

"Ah.I do, though I don't want to think about it." 

Shidou answered with a slight sigh. That's right, since this was the place where 
Shidou had seen for the first time Kurumi's violent crime and also her very corpse. 

"Hehe." 

Kurumi laughed vaguely without replying back to Shidou and then, as if 
remembering something, took out a lovely box from a bag. 

"Come now, I'd almost forgotten-Shidou-san, Happy Valentine's Day." 

172 





CHAPTER 4 - THE RECENT SIN 


As Kurumi was saying that, she handed the box over to Shidou. 

Shidou took the gift with a wry smile. 

"Thank you.say, you almost forgot." 

"Urn, that's because-" 

Kurumi breathlessly exhaled. While slowly turning over to lean on him, a 
challengeable weight was placed on Shidou's shoulders. Her beautiful black hair 
tickled his cheeks. 

"About that.today was so much fun. That's why it's safe to say that it's the 

best in my memory." 

"Kurumi." 

Shidou softly spoke, gently smiling while taking a small parcel from his bag. 
"Well, this is from me, Happy Valentine's Day, Kurumi." 

"Ara, ara." 

Shidou handed over a package, greatly surprising Kurumi in the process. 
"Shidou-san.although before I've thought it was nothing, after all only girls 

n 


"That can't be it!? Look, the reverse giving of chocolate is popular all the time. 
There are no rules that say boys can't give chocolates to girls, right?" 

As he raised his voice to refute Kurumi's words, Kurumi laughed to show her 
amusement. 

"Ufufu, that's right, it's just as you said.-May I open it?" 

"Ah, of course." 

After nodding to each other, the two of them opened each other's boxes. 

Shidou whipped up dark chocolate coated with a sauce made from honey and 
orange peels. 

He thought that the dark color and faint bitter taste would seem to suit Kurumi 
somehow. 


173 








CHAPTER 4 - THE RECENT SIN 


On the other hand, Kurumi's box was filled with various bite-sized chocolates of 
different designs and shapes. 

Even though they were different-it did not mean that no sense of unity 

occurred at all. 

There were chocolates in the shape of cats, the same type that Shidou had made 
as a gift a few days ago. 

"Oh, isn't this cute." 

"Shidou-san's chocolates look delicious." 

While talking to each other, the two of them unconsciously took the chocolate 
from the box and threw it into their mouths. 

Both of them felt their cheeks loosening as their line of sight intersected. 

"Haha, this is delicious, this flavor.is it hazelnut?" 

"Ah, as expected of Shidou-san. Mmm... this is also so delicious." 


It wasn't as if there was nothing more to say. 

Rather, it was just a feeling of wanting to fix one's eyes upon the other's. 


Shidou gently pulled his shoulder to turn his hand closer so that he could lovingly 
stroke Kurumi's head. 

Kurumi did not resist. But rather, it seemed as though she was looking forward to 
such an act as she brought herself closer. 

If any unknown bystanders saw them now, they would look exactly like couple 
behaving intimately. In fact, it was the perfect position to easily lift up her chin 
and kiss her. 

However- 

".Not bad, it's not bad alright." 


174 









CHAPTER 4 - THE RECENT SIN 


Kotori's voice was heard from the intercom, even after this situation, it wasn't 
difficult to imagine the facial expression she was making from the sound alone. 

That must mean that even if they kissed now, there was no way to completely 
seal her reiryoku. 

As if to complement Kotori's words, Shidou also heard Reine's voice. 

".Kurumi isn't lying. I would guess that she really did enjoy today's date with 

you, Shin. 

Even though it could be said that she has a good impression of you, she still hasn't 
opened her heart." 

However, Reine continued on. 

"In the depths of her heart, there appears to be a huge barrier. Determination. 

resignation.something like that. Kurumi has placed a huge shackle on herself 

that has made it impossible in practice to sever and for her to be happy. It will be 
impossible to seal her power unless you remove the cause of this." 


-Huge shackles. 

In a silent manner, while still gently stroking Kurumi's head, his hearts was 
recollecting those words in sweeping deliberation. 

At the same time, Shidou's mind recalled what Nia and Origami had said. 

(-Somehow, it seemed that there was something that she wanted to 

investigate through my<Rasiel>.) 

(-The First Spirit, all in order to kill that person.) (30 years ago, at that time in 

order to prevent the existence of that Spirit from ever happening.) Yes, one could 
think that the matter was deeply rooted in that. 

Kurumi wanted to use the Twelfth Bullet <Yud Bet> to travel back to 30 years in 
the past for the motive of erasing the First Spirit. 

Even if she had to sacrifice everything; even if it meant piling up an accumulation 
often thousand corpses as a means of achieving that goal. 

In that regard, Shidou still knew nothing. 

175 








CHAPTER 4 - THE RECENT SIN 


".Hey, Kurumi." 

So, Shidou opened his mouth. 

Indeed, not winning this match meant dying, but it wasn't also only for that 
reason as well. 

Now more than ever, for this girl who was relying solely on herself, he wanted to 
understand her desires, thoughts, and resolve. 

"Yes, Shidou-san." 

"Can you tell us why you're trying to defeat the First Spirit?" 

// n 

The moment Shidou spoke that subject, Kurumi's expression immediately tensed 
up. 

However, after a long sigh that gave a hint of grief, Kurumi uttered her reply. 

"Did you hear that from Nia-san? She's really a chatty person." 

Kurumi stood up, taking a few steps away from the bench before turning back 
towards Shidou. 

Under the night sky, the streetlights were like a spotlight illuminating Kurumi. 
Then, as if it was a scene in a theater. 

"Shidou-san, are you prepared to know? Everything-about me." 

In the darkness of the night, the girl's eyes formulated a piercing gaze at him. 

While the right eye was red like blood, the left eye was engraved with a golden 
timepiece inducing a clinking sound in conjunction with time. 


For a moment, Shidou thought what he had seen was being produced by a 
hallucination of his mind, inadvertently causing him to swallow a sigh of relief. 

However, he could not retreat here. Shidou controlled his cold and trembling 
hands as he nodded vigorously nodded towards Kurumi. 


176 







CHAPTER 4 - THE RECENT SIN 


"-Ah, that's my intention." 

"-Is that right." 

Kurumi quietly spoke as she elegantly raised her left hand. 

At that moment, while entrenched on the ground, Kurumi's shadow distorted in 
shape as a pistol of ancient design then flew out and gently landed on Kurumi's 
hands. 

It was the pistol that served as the hour hand for the Angel <Zafkiel>. 

"Wha." 

While Shidou was suddenly surprised, Kurumi aligned the muzzle and pulled the 
trigger without hesitation. Bang, bang; a dry sound echoed a few times in the 
neighborhood. 

".!? This is-" 


"The screen has been cut off!" 

"The autonomous cameras seem to be destroyed!" 

"Eh.?" 

Hearing the <Fraxinus> crew's shouts from within his eardrum, Shidou 
instinctively raised his brow. However, Kurumi was not finished. She took a step 
forward, a step approaching Shidou, stretching out her hand as if to touch his 
cheek. 

The next moment, the voices from Fraxinus too had disappeared from his ear- 

Kurumi had used her fingers to pinch away the intercom. 

ti | // 


While Shidou was watching with a stunned expression, Kurumi pressed her 
fingers together, crushing the intercom. A spark scattered with beeping electronic 
noise as a faint amount of smoke arose from her white fingertip. 

In terms of time, this happened in less than 5 seconds. 

In such a short time, communications between Shidou and <Fraxinus> were 
completely terminated. 


177 








CHAPTER 4 - THE RECENT SIN 


Kurumi distorted her lips into a crooked grin as she once again turned her eyes 
towards Shidou. 

"-Even so now?" 


Shidou was speechless for an instant. 

Losing contact with <Fraxinus> was the equivalent of being isolated in front of a 
Spirit. If Kurumi had that motive, it would have been very easy for him to be 
eaten. 

However- 

"-Even so, I still want to."' 

Shidou replied without avoiding eye contact with Kurumi. 

Certainly it seemed that Kurumi's actions were meant to block a method of 
retreat for Shidou. Nevertheless, for him it seemed like she was willing to tell only 
him secrets that she never wished to reveal to anyone else. 

If he could not respond to this act of humanity, then he would have no right to act 
qualified to save the Spirits. 


Seeing such a reaction from Shidou, Kurumi placed the pistol back into the 
shadow and quickly turned her back towards Shidou. 

"Please follow me." 

Then, as Kurumi finished, she hurriedly walked towards the darkened road. 

"Ah, hey." 

They went on walking for about 20 minutes. 

Kurumi guided Shidou through a back alleyway and inside an old communal 
building. 

Although the building had the appearance of being abandoned and was scribbled 
with graffiti, electricity was still passing through. Following the blinking, but still 
reliable, lighting, Shidou climbed up the stairs and reached a room in the third 


178 






CHAPTER 4 - THE RECENT SIN 


floor. 

"Come in, Shidou-san." 

"Here is." 

As he whispered, Shidou looked around his surroundings. 

There were no major differences in this one room in the abandoned building. But 
unlike the corridor, the floor here was swept cleanly, a curtain was hanging on the 
window, and a simple as possible bed was placed here. 

"I have several strongholds in this city; this is one of them. Although there is 
nothing here, please be at ease." 

".I see. It's a pleasure to be invited into a girl's room." 

"Ufufu, there's so much flattery from you, Shidou-san." 

Kurumi gave a slight giggle as she smiled, taking off her coat as she then placed it 
on the hanger. Then she stretched out her hand towards Shidou, who slightly 
inclined his head. 

"Ah, thank you." 

Shidou imitated Kurumi's actions, as he handed over his coat to her as both of 
their coats were placed on the hanging rack. Then, while slowly nearing Shidou 

ti ft 


Without warning, Kurumi pressed her body against Shidou's chest. 

"Kurumi.?" 

"Shidou-san, you said that you wanted to know everything about me." 

".Ah." 

After hearing Shidou's reply, Kurumi, after not saying anything for a few seconds, 
buried her face in his chest, after that-"-Then please accept it." 

Kurumi spoke while slowly moving her left hand which, unbeknownst to him, was 
holding a pistol once again. 

"<Zafkiel>-The Tenth Bullet <Yud>." 


179 









CHAPTER 4 - THE RECENT SIN 


Kurumi's shadow slowly creeped as it was sucked into the muzzle of the pistol. 

In one flowing movement, the pistol was aligned with his temple-then, acting 

as if it were her own head, she pulled to the trigger on Shidou. 


ooo 


How long had it been since then? 

One day, in an all-girls school, inside a certain restroom. 

".Hm" 

Kurumi looked into the mirror and stared at her own face through the reflection. 

-An eyepatch covered the left eye on her face. 

"After all, isn't it a little too conspicuous?" 

While speaking, she removed the eyepatch. What was hidden underneath was 

now exposed and reflected by the mirror-her left eye had changed its 

appearance into a golden clock. 

It wasn't anything like special color contacts or remarkable make-up. It was hard 
to believe, but it was to the extent that there were even minute and second 
hands, ticking time with a clink, clink sound. 

Yes, a few days ago, Kurumi encountered the mysterious girl-Mio. Ever since 

she had been given an item resembling a gemstone with a miraculous radiance, 
her left eye had changed into something completely different from that of an 
ordinary human. 

No-to be specific, that wasn't the only thing mismatched. 

".Ufufu." 

Kurumi gently laughed while looking at her eyes through the mirror. 

She would be lying if she said that there were no fears or anxiety over her body 
becoming an unusual existence. However, compared to that, Kurumi was filled 


180 






CHAPTER 4 - THE RECENT SIN 


with a feeling of fulfillment and euphoria. 

Then. 

"-Kurumi-san, is there something wrong?" 

Being suddenly accosted, Kurumi quickly placed the eyepatch back to its original 
position. 

Turning to the direction of the voice, Kurumi discovered that it was her friend 

standing there-Yamauchi Sawa. Kurumi's hands trembled at the 

misunderstanding. 

"N-Nothing, there's nothing at all." 


As Kurumi nervously spoke, Sawa stared intently on Kurumi's face. 

"Is it better? That left eye." 

"E-Eh, it's still a little bit troublesome to see." 

"That sounds really serious.Please take of your body." 

After expressing her concerns about Kurumi's health, Sawa remembered 
something. 

"Come to think of it, Kurumi-san, are you free after school today? My aunt said 
she wanted to bring Chestnut's siblings to come and play." 

"Eh.!?" 

Hearing this sudden invitation, Kurumi's eyebrows slightly twitched. 

Chestnut was a cat boasting a high ranking in cuteness, but to hear of his siblings 
at this time... It would be a fluffy, fluffy paradise for anyone. Remembering the 
feeling of Chestnut's velvety fur and soft paws, Kurumi was momentarily 
enchanted. 

However, she immediately regained her composure and shook her head- 

today there was an errand that she couldn't put aside no matter what. 


181 








CHAPTER 4 - THE RECENT SIN 


"l-l'm sorry, but I will have to refuse." 

"Ah, do you have something you need to do?" 

"Yes.a little errand, but please invite me again." 

"That's a shame, but it can't be helped. Next time then." 

"Absolutely, absolutely, right?" 

"Y-Yeah, I understand." 

Confronted with Kurumi's relentless desire, Sawa could only give a wry smile as 
sweat dropped down her cheek. 

-After school on that day. 

Kurumi was standing alone on the roof of a building in the outskirts of town. 

The red sunset was shining on her back, as the wind blew on the skirt of her 
uniform. 

"Come on." 

As if to match the sound of Kurumi's complaints, small footsteps echoed from 
behind. 

Turning backwards, Kurumi found the figure of a girl who was not there before. 

Takamiya Mio, the girl who appeared before Kurumi a few days ago and gave her 
power. 

"Ya~, Kurumi. Please do your best again today." 

"Hm, please leave it to me, Mio-san." 

Just as Kurumi replied back, the voice in the surroundings disappeared at the 
same time. 

Yes, it was just like the first time Kurumi had met Mio. 

Kurumi didn't know the detailed principle behind this, but it seemed to be due to 
Mio's ability. 

By enchanting the surroundings with something resembling a barrier, she could 


182 





CHAPTER 4 - THE RECENT SIN 


prevent the enemy from escaping outside. 

The next moment, an abnormality appeared below Kurumi. 

A snowstorm, suddenly ice crystals and snow appeared and began to swirl into a 
whirlpool. 

Within that whirlpool- it suddenly appeared. 

An anomaly as if the ice took on the appearance of a doll's silhouette. 

Although it was her first time seeing this, there was no doubt. 

-Spirit. With tremendous power, Mio described it as a calamity killing this 

world. 

"Well, I'll be heading out now." 

After Kurumi briefly spoke, she infused her feet with power as she lightly jumped 
over the fence of the building. 

Falling from the sky, she turned her body with the goal of landing in front of the 
ice Spirit. But of course, her jumping down was far from suicidal behavior. 

"Astral Dress <Elohim>." 

The moment Kurumi chanted that name, shadows engulfed her body, forming a 
shining dress made of light particles. 

And- 

"-<Zafkiel>!" 

As Kurumi called out that name, two old-fashioned pistols tailored for her at 
varying lengths manifested in front of her hands. 

"Really, you came at the wrong time-I'm in a bit of a bad mood today." 

Kurumi sharpened her gaze. Falling down from the building, she pointed her 
pistols towards the Spirit of Ice. 

-Kill the Spirits in order to save the world. 

The self-proclaimed Ally of Justice, Takamiya Mio-san, told her so after giving 
power to Kurumi. 


183 




CHAPTER 4 - THE RECENT SIN 


An absolute Astral Dress-and an Angel that could control time and shadow, 

<Zafkiel>. 

It was just like a scene from a children's anime. If she wanted to talk about this to 
her friends and family, they would have surely laughed it aside as an absurd event 
she made up as an embarrassing joke. 

However, for Kurumi, who was chosen to wear an Astral Dress and wield an 
Angel, it was no laughing matter. 

The existence of supernatural power that went beyond common sense. 

And the presence of an enemy that must be slain. 

Although Kurumi grew up in a peaceful environment, the experience of being 
attacked by a grotesque monster and being saved by a mysterious girl allowed her 
to accept much of it as reality. 

-Thus, Tokisaki Kurumi became a hunter for Spirits. 

Obviously, it was a life and death threat, and she was not completely devoid of all 
fear. 

However, this life would not still be here had Mio not arrived to aid her-not to 

mention, the goal of saving the world aroused emotions smoldering deep within 
Kurumi's heart. 

With a desire to help, the hands of the people occasionally gained strength, but 
lacked the means and methods of achieving such a goal. 

The feeling of saving the world with her own hands filled the empty hole within 
Kurumi's heart. 

Because of that-Kurumi began fighting. 

In order to protect her world, family, and friends, she killed the monsters that 
appeared in the city. 

She was convinced that it was for everyone. 

She was convinced that it was for herself. 

She was convinced that-it was the meaning of her own existence. 

However, the end of that dream came earlier than expected. 

184 




CHAPTER 4 - THE RECENT SIN 


-That day. On that day, Kurumi and Mio were suppressing another Spirit 

together. 

A variant cladded in flames through its entire body, every step it took caused the 
residue heat to ignite the surrounding buildings, streets, and trees. 

It was too much of a powerful and daunting enemy. 

However, Kurumi was not afraid. Grasping <Zafkiel> with both hands, she fired off 
a relentless bombardment of bullets again and again. 

"That's it-it's over.!" 


Along with the fading sound of gunfire, the Spirit of Fire finally collapsed. 
However, its body was still faintly moving, with her ash-like wrist stretching out 
towards Kurumi. 

"-How persistent." 

Kurumi spat out a sigh of annoyance, as she moved to fire a round at the Spirit's 
head. After that, the Spirit's body remained motionless. 

"Really.it's finally over." 

"-Thank you so much for your trouble." 

"Kya!" 

Startled by the voice coming behind her, Kurumi's body cowered instinctively for 
a second. 

Looking back, she saw that Mio had unexpectedly appeared. 

"Please stop appearing so suddenly; you startled me." 

As Kurumi spoke, Mio lowered her head as if to say sorry. 

"As usual, I will do the rest of the handling process. You go back first. If I 
remember correctly, didn't you say you had a promise with a friend?" 

"Hm.I'll go do that. Take care then." 

After Kurumi said that, she let her Astral Dress and Angel fade into light particles 


185 








CHAPTER 4 - THE RECENT SIN 


while walking away from that spot. 

Kurumi had long become accustomed to such an interaction where she would 
leave Mio's barrier and wended her way on the road for a while. 

She glanced at a watch-today it was planned that she would go to Sawa's 

house to play with Chestnut's brothers and sisters, but it seemed that there was 
still some time left. 

"-That's right." 

Kurumi clapped her hands as she headed back to the original direction she came 
from. 

There was no special reason, only that she thought it would be nice to bring Mio 
over to Sawa's house. 

It had been a while since she and Mio began suppressing the Spirits, but even 
then they stillnever talked to each other outside of the battlefield. Kurumi was 
sure that even Mio, who always seemed to air a faint melancholic facial 
expression, would smile after touching a cute cat. 

However- 

".Huh?" 

Turning around the alley, she was just about to return to where she had been 
fighting the Spirit up until now. But abruptly, Kurumi stopped her feet dead in her 
tracks. 

Mio was standing there as expected-yet what had fallen was not a monster, 

but rather a human girl. 


No-not just that. Kurumi was so surprised that she choked on her own dry 

voice. 

Yes, what had fallen down there... 

...was Kurumi's friend, Yamauchi Sawa. 

"Wha.huh.?" 

While being unable to understand the meaning of what happened in front of her. 


186 








CHAPTER 4 - THE RECENT SIN 


Kurumi stared with eyes wide aghast. 

As if noticing Kurumi's return, Mio slowly turned her body over towards her 
direction. 

".Ah, Kurumi, you came back.-That's regrettable, I wanted to be a good 

partner for you for just a bit longer." 

While speaking, Mio completely turned over to face Kurumi. 

-In her hands lay a floating gem glowing red. 

No doubt about it, although the color was different, it was the same thing that 
Mio had given Kurumi. 

"W-What do you mean.Why is Sawa-san." 

"Ah, was this your acquaintance? That is really.I did something inexcusable." 

".Could it be that-" 

Kurumi placed her hand near her mouth. In front of the various materials on 
display, a line connecting the scattered dots formed in her mind. Kurumi felt a 
tremendous urge to vomit from the back of her stomach. 


".After all, you are very smart." 

Mio's short answer served nothing but despair to Kurumi. 

Yes, the position where Sawa was lying down was exactly where Kurumi shot and 
slew the Spirit of Fire. 

And then, the Sephira Crystal was nestled in Mio's hands. What that meant was 
-"That Spirit was.Sawa-san.?" 

Kurumi quietly murmured as she felt her heart tightly contract. 

This Spirit wasn't the only one. Kurumi had defeated more than 50 Spirits over 
the course of various places. Perhaps those were all humans too. 

No, on the contrary, even Kurumi had also been given that Sephira Crystal- 

"Ah... AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH.!?" 


187 













CHAPTER 4 - THE RECENT SIN 


At that moment, Kurumi fell down on her knees. Her head and heart were 

creaking in terrible pain-despair. That pitch black feeling began to corrode her 

heart. It was like a hallucination of her very existence turning inside out. 

-Not good, not good, this feeling mustn't be allowed. 

Instinctively aware that this feeling was far from benign, Kurumi subconsciously 
raised her right hand. 

".<Z-Zafkiel>.the Fourth Bullet <Dalet>." 

Then, as Kurumi stammered to say that name, the Angel manifested, allowing her 
to fire out the bullet at her own head. 

-Unwinding the time of the target, the Fourth Bullet <Dalet>. 

In order to rewind her body, her mind back to a state before feeling despair. 

"Ah.ah.ah." 

As her breathing struggled to regain a constant pace, Kurumi glared intently at 
Mio. 

However, Mio was neither frightened nor shaking. Rather, her eyes were wide 
open, struck by the marvelous occurrence. 

"How surprising, to think that you would fend off the Inversion through your own 
power. 

but you really saved me the trouble. It would have been tough to purify the 
refined Sephira Crystal back." 

"Inversion.r-refined.?" 

After Kurumi asked, Mio, between her thoughts, made a gesture of nodding her 
head. 

"Un, I bet you've already noticed it, but Spirits are humans that have received 

Sephira Crystals.-No, I've distributed my power to them; would that 

statement be more accurate? Originally, the word Spirit only referred to me, the 
First Spirit." 

"Wha." 

"-But, the original Sephira Crystals are incompatible with human attributes. If 


188 













CHAPTER 4 - THE RECENT SIN 


such a thing is forcibly given, human beings would not be able to suppress the 
overflowing power, and it would run rampant." 

So, Mio continued on. 

"In order to make the Sephira Crystals compatible with humans, purification is 
necessary. 

Then, if you give the refined Sephira Crystal to a qualified person, they will 
become Spirits while retaining their sense of self-just like you." 

".Could it be, purification is-" 

Kurumi's eyes opened wide in horror, as a fear passed through her mind that 
caused the roots of her teeth to tremble. 

However, Mio continued speaking in an indifferent manner. 

"Un, if passed through the human body, of course that person would run 
rampant. But if the process is repeated several times, the Sephira Crystals 
recovered from that body are cleanly purified. Imagine something like a filtration 
device; would that be easier to understand? 

However, recovery of the Sephira Crystal is very difficult. I was really saved 
because you were there." 

Mio's answer was not bad; it was the worst imaginable reply. Kurumi clutched 
onto her chest in order to prevent the feeling of despair from re-surging. 

-Everything was understood. 

Kurumi had been used by Mio. 

While intending to save the world-Kurumi had been killing humans. 

With a look brimming with anger, Kurumi squeezed out a roar from her throat. 
"Why.would you ever want to do such a thing.!" 

As Kurumi asked while screaming, for the first time Mio displayed a very difficult 
expression. 

".I'm sorry. I'm truly sorry. I have no grudge against you. But I can't stop- 

not until all of the Sephira Crystals are entrusted to humanity." 


189 








CHAPTER 4 - THE RECENT SIN 


As Mio spoke, she turned her hand towards Kurumi. 

"-Until then, good night, Kurumi. Thank you for everything so far." 

"What are you do-" 

Kurumi's words suddenly ended. 

No, it would be better to say that her consciousness was interrupted there. 

-When was the next time of waking up. 

".Ara, ara.?" 

In the midst of a blurry consciousness, Kurumi opened her eyes. 

With a cloudy memory, she couldn't remember anything. The only things she 
could recall were her own name and the extraordinary power she was wielding. 

Looking around, the street center was destroyed as if caused by a meteor impact. 
Kurumi was standing at the center of the crater. 

"Yes, where is here... exactly." 

In the sight spreading beyond her eyes, there were too many unknown factors for 
her brain to handle. 

Where here was, who she was, why she was here- 

As Kurumi sorted through such matters, a noise from afar buzzed in her ears. 

"-Ara?" 

Looking around, she saw people flying in the sky while wearing mechanical armor. 
At that strange sight, Kurumi's eyes were dazed in amazement. 

"How amazing.What exactly is that." 

However, they wouldn't let Kurumi continue her words for long. Aligning the 
weapons in their hands, they fired numerous bombs and missiles at Kurumi. 

"Kiki.!" 

With her shoulders trembling, Kurumi quickly fled into her shadow. 

Although her memory was still completely missing, she could still somehow 

190 










CHAPTER 4 - THE RECENT SIN 


remember to use the power within her body. 

"Ha.Ha, huh.that caught me off guard." 

In that dark space, Kurumi took a deep breath as she tried to rearrange the 
current situation in her mind. 

However, because the information at hand was inadequate, there was nothing 
she could do. 

Besides her name, the only thing she could remember were about Angels and the 
Astral Dress-"-" 

At that time, Kurumi concocted an idea. She lifted up her right hand and called 
out the name of the Angel. 

"<Zafkiel>-the Tenth Bullet <Yud>.would that be right?" 

Kurumi spoke with an uneasy voice, and a short gun with bullet appeared in her 
hand. 

Although it was something that she had called, Kurumi issued a 'wow' to 
exemplify her surprise. 

"l-lt really appeared!" 

The Tenth Bullet <Yud>, if her gut feeling was correct, this bullet should convey 
the memories of whatever object it is fired upon to her. If fired upon herself, then 
she should be able to recall everything that her brain had experienced. 

Kurumi's fingers trembled as she pressed the muzzle at the side of her head, but 
she was still determined to pull the trigger. 

Bang, that effect resounded within the sound of the bullet striking Kurumi's head. 
That moment- 


The turbulent flow of memory rushed into Kurumi's mind. 
The girl that she had met once - Mio. 

And-by her own hand, what happened to her best friend. 


191 









CHAPTER 4 - THE RECENT SIN 


The crime committed by her deceit. 

"Ah.ahhhhhhhhhh." 

With trembling hands, Kurumi dropped the gun as she fell to her knees. 
Endless regret and despair pervaded the bottom of her heart. 

Recalling even the sadness amidst the foolishness of what she had done. 

-However. 

Soon after, Kurumi raised her head. 

There stood no longer a lady who immersed herself in peace, a child who 
dreamed of being a partner to justice. 

What her expression revealed was indefatigability. 

What shined in her eyes was fury. 

Although she didn't understand what Mio was thinking, Kurumi was still alive. 

And in her hands-the only power to interfere with time in this world, the 

strongest Angel, <Zafkiel>. 

Everything was not over yet. 

To redo the world. 

No matter how much sacrifice she had to atone. 

All in order to remake history. 

Even if it led this body towards utter destruction. 

Kurumi once again stood up on both her feet and began walking forward. 


ooo 


I?" 


192 







CHAPTER 4 - THE RECENT SIN 


Slowly opening his eyes, Shidou scanned his surroundings. 

A dimly lit room of a residential building. Kurumi was reclining on his chest, her 
warm body temperature being conveyed over to him. 

At that time, Shidou finally remembered. 

Right now, he was on a date with Kurumi. 

"J-Just now was." 

Daydreaming-the time might have been too late, but sensually it was close to 

that. 

It was like the feeling of experiencing someone else's life. Until a few seconds ago, 
Shidou's consciousness had certainly converted into Kurumi's. 

Then, Shidou noticed, the words Kurumi had recited just before pointing the 
muzzle at his temple-the Tenth Bullet <Yud>. 

Shidou had seen this once before. One of <Zafkiel>'s powers, the ability to convey 
memories held within objects. 

No, Kurumi had shot Shidou through the head with the short gun. 

That could only mean one thing. 

What Shidou had just seen was neither an illusion nor a dream-but rather 

something that had once actually happened in Kurumi's past. 

"-I'll." 

Kurumi spoke in an almost speechless and overflowing manner. 

"In order to kill the Spirit of Origin. No matter what happens. No matter-what 

I have to do." 

Kurumi tightly grasped onto Shidou's shirt as she continued on. 

"I cannot say what I'm doing is right. While riding on the First Spirit's cajolery, I 

killed a lot of people-even now I carry on to pile up a mountain of corpses in 

order to eradicate the existence of that Spirit. I am evil, unmistakably an enemy of 
mankind. Killing, killing, continuing to kill, a <Nightmare> that tramples death 
upon death. If there really is a hell, a special seat will be reserved to send me 
straight down to the bottom." 


193 





CHAPTER 4 - THE RECENT SIN 


"But..." 

Kurumi clenched her hand into a fist. 

"I don't mind, so long as before I fall into the prison of the earth, I can personally 
alter it such that the First Spirit, Takamiya Mio- never existed." 

"Mio." 

Shidou repeated that name in a hoarse voice. Mio. He had heard of that name 
before. 

Yes, he had heard that name from Mana before. The very same name that Shidou 
himself had also said while in the depths of a trance-like state and having his 
reiryoku run out of control. 

And also.Takamiya. That surname was unquestionable the same as Mana's. 

-Unknown meaning. The various information mixed together jumbled 

Shidou's thoughts into chaos. 

But for Shidou right now, there was already no time left to afford in dwelling this 
over. 

Kurumi, after being exhausted from telling everything, slowly took a deep breath 
as she loosened the grip on Shidou's clothes. 

"I will redo everything. I will restore everything that has happened so far back to 
zero." 

Kurumi lifted up her head from being buried in Shidou's chest and stared directly 
at his eyes. 

"That is my purpose, the meaning of my existence-for that, the power of the 

Spirits held within Shidou-san is necessary." 

Kurumi finished her words with an almost pleading-like tone before continuing to 
answer Shidou. 

"Of course, I do not plan to hide it behind lip service. If I eat Shidou-san, Shidou- 
san will die. 

-But as long as I get the reiryoku that Shidou-san has, I can surely change 

history." 


194 






CHAPTER 4 - THE RECENT SIN 


"History-" 

Hearing these words, Shidou could not help but remember the time he traveled 
back in time with Kurumi. 

So, he knew best that what Kurumi had said was not a dream-like delusion. 

After all, Shidou had changed the history of the world once. 

-By none other than the power of Kurumi's Angel. 

"Yes, by erasing the First Spirit, I would have never become a Spirit. In other 
words-the fact that Shidou-san was eaten will also disappear." 

So, Kurumi gazed intently at Shidou. 

"Shidou-san, if you believe in me, please give that power, that life to me.- 

Please just lend me a moment." 


It was a different gaze from that which Kurumi usually made to make fun of him, a 
serious look that couldn't help but render Shidou speechless. 

The reason was understandable. However, it did not change that he would be 
losing his life. 

Normally Shidou would have thought about that. 

However, right now in Shidou's mind, there was another different kind of feeling 
coming and going. 

-Regret that ran rampant like a raging wave. 

Anger that scorched one's body. 

At that time, if I didn't reach out. 

At that time, if I didn't pull the trigger. 

At that time, if I didn't hunt down the Spirits. 

If I hadn't, I wouldn't have become what I am now. 

I must kill. I must erase. I must make her never exist. 


195 




CHAPTER 4 - THE RECENT SIN 


For friends, for the world, for the lives that she had eaten. 

It was apparent that those thoughts did not belong to Shidou. 

However, because of experiencing Kurumi's life, the shared emotions had also 
devastated Shidou's heart. 

"I want-" 


As Shidou let out a trembling voice, Kurumi hid her eyes beneath her bangs for a 
moment before lifting her head with resolution. 

"Of course, I don't think that it's a fair deal. Even though I wish to make sure 
everything never existed, there is no difference that I am demanding Shidou-san's 
life.so for now, at least a promise." 

As Kurumi said that, she leisurely used her hand to remove the button on her 
blouse. 

".!? H-Hey.?" 

In response to Kurumi's unexpected behavior, Shidou gave out a panicked 
expression. 

However, Kurumi didn't seem to mind, as her hands continued to take off the 
clothes that she was wearing one by one. 

The underwear chosen at the lingerie shop was already exposed during daytime. 
That piece did not seem suitable for her, but it still stood out to highlight Kurumi's 
bewitching flirtation. 

Reaching out you could touch it. 

And Kurumi would certainly not refuse. 

This incredible sensation made Shidou's head feel like he had a fever. 


As if aware of Shidou's heart, Kurumi reached out and grabbed his hand. 

Then, she pulled Shidou's hands in manner like they were moving on their own. 
Waddling the fingers to let them slide across the brassiere strap. 


196 









CHAPTER 4 - THE RECENT SIN 


it 


tt 


Shidou could not resist the excitement exceeding the maximum permissible level. 
His fingers were under Kurumi's guidance to pull down the shoulder strap. 

But that alone wasn't the final touch. In the same manner, Kurumi pulled Shidou's 
hands towards her abdomen, letting the fingers hang near her underwear. 

The hand ever so slowly fell down. As Kurumi's soft skin gradually became 
exposed, Shidou couldn't take his eyes off her. 

Without anything to cover herself, Kurumi, with slightly flushed cheeks, once 
again turned to Shidou. 

"-1 will give you everything except my reiryoku (Life)." 

"W-What." 

That word leaked out from his throat. 

In the dark room, the moonlight seeping through the gap in the curtains faintly 
illuminated Kurumi's porcelain skin. 

In this excessively dreamy scene, Shidou's mind first recalled the feeling of some 
kind a familiar vision rather than pure carnal desire. 

Kurumi slowly walked forward, coming into closer contact with his hand.-No, 

this was to push Shidou's body, knocking him down to the bed behind. 

Kurumi was lying on top of Shidou's body. With uneven breathing, she brought 
her hand near the button of Shidou's clothes. 

"H-Hey, Kurumi." 

Shidou spoke uneasily as he wanted to push Kurumi aside. But the other party 
was a Spirit, even though weaker than Tohka in pure strength, and Shidou could 
not compete as a human. 

No, perhaps contrary to Shidou's will, his body would instinctively refuse 
resistance. 

To the extent of how much he had thought of such a thing, Kurumi was- 

beautiful. 

Jokes aside, if he could get her, even losing his life didn't matter. It was enough to 


197 






CHAPTER 4 - THE RECENT SIN 


plunder one's mind. 

"Shidou-san, Shidou-san. If you wish, I will do anything. If you ask, I can do 
anything." 

"K-Kurumi." 

A conflict between rationality and instinct, it felt as if his brainstem was being 
grilled. 

If he was the slightest distracted, he would be left at Kurumi's mercy. 

However- 

" . !?" 

The next moment, as Kurumi fingers were about to touch Shidou's skin, a loud 
noise suddenly broke through. It was as if the window had been broken as several 
girls flew into the room after pulling the curtain apart. 

-Girls who had the exact same appearance. 

"Fo-un-d you." 

".Hmm? Have you been looking forward to it?" 

"That is really nauseous. Alright, we'll let you finish first. For a man to die without 
ever knowing a woman is truly pitiful." 

"Wh-" 

Shidou turned in astonishment at the girls who appeared suddenly. 

But that was only natural since those girls had appeared in the dream Shidou had 
a few days ago. 

".Ara, ara." 

However, Kurumi's reaction was a bit different from Shidou's. 

Compared to surprise, the surface of her face was more filled with anger and 
frustration. 

"Counterfeit Sprits, it takes a great deal of courage to disturb my and Shidou-san's 
tryst." 


198 








CHAPTER 4 - THE RECENT SIN 


While still naked, Kurumi quickly stood up. 

Hearing those words, the expressions on those girls' faces quickly changed. 

"Oh? Did you say.'counterfeit'?" 

"Is it okay to think that you are insulting our father?" 

"Unforgivable!" 

After being finished speaking, the girls sharpened their gaze and pounced on 
Kurumi all at once. 

"Kurumi-!" 

However, Kurumi calmly turned herself around. Unbeknownst to him, her 
ancient-styled pistols were already in her hands as she pulled the trigger 
continuously. 

"<Zafkiel>-the Seventh Bullet <Zayin>!" 

The girls who touched the bullet were paused still in the air, frozen after trying to 
rush after Kurumi. 

The Seventh Bullet <Zayin> stopped the time of the target that had been shot. 
<Zafkiel>'s certain kill blow. 

"-Umm." 


Kurumi made sullen grunt as she turned her back against those girls. 

Then, in accordance to that action, number of hands grew from the shadow 
spreading on the wall floor of the room, dragging the girls' bodies into the 
shadow. 

"<Zafkiel>-the Fourth Bullet <Dalet>." 

As Kurumi spoke, she aligned the muzzle to the fragmented debris of the broken 
window, firing off a jet-black bullet. 

At the next moment, the shards of glass floated in the air and reshaped the 
window as if playing a video clip in reverse. 

After a couple of seconds, the room regained the same stillness and loneliness as 
before. 


199 





CHAPTER 4 - THE RECENT SIN 


Kurumi took in a light sigh, dropping the pistols into the shadow while working 
hard to face towards Shidou. 

"Some hindrances got in the way. Really, to think that they would even come at 
this time." 

Kurumi said as she struggled to stand up, placing her hand up against the wall. 

"Kurumi.?" 

"It's nothing.really-" 

Kurumi tried to smile while trying to return to Shidou, however-Just like a 

puppet with its strings severed, she collapsed onto the ground. 


200 






CHAPTER 5 - SAMSARA OF SAL VATION 


Chapter 5 - Samsara of Salvation 

"Did you fail?" 


In a room within DEM Industries' Japanese branch, Ellen returned the report from 
her subordinate with a displeased and mocking expression. 

"Strange to say, but even Ike's dispatched <Beelzebub> is struggling to make a 
difference. 

Presently, there's an accumulation in the record of failures. What on earth is the 
problem? I'd like to question if there is any reason other than the pure ability of 
the performer." 

"Ellen is really incredible. Only thorns dwell in your words." 

Artemisia spoke back with a wry smile. Ellen produced a 'humph' sound with her 
nose as she made an exaggerated gesture by crossing her feet together. 

Then, in rhythm with that action, several sheets of paper that were carried by the 
wind fluttered in from the entrance of the room. 

All of a sudden, a few girls with the same appearance emerged from the sheets of 
paper. 

"Well, you're not really qualified to say that." 

"Aren't you the first person to fail?" 

"It's annoying to be given that angry look. How old are you?" 

".What was that?" 

Ellen glared at the <Nibelcol> with a sharp gaze. The <Nibelcol> pretended to be 
deliberately afraid, trembling while giving out a 'kya, kya'. 

Ellen didn't have the time to be angry at the <Nibelcol>, but it was necessary for 
them to understand what it meant to insult Ellen, who was the strongest. Ellen 
narrowed her brow as she gave the command from her brain to expand a 
voluntary territory. 

However, Ellen's Realizer manifestation device didn't activate. 

201 





CHAPTER 5 - SAMSARA OF SAL VATION 


Just before she could, Westcott had entered the room. 
"Ya~, it seems that everyone has already gathered." 

"-Ike." 


Ellen suspended her commands as she got up from her chair and fixed her 
posture. 

Following suit, Artemisia mimicked her action in also standing upright. 

"! Otou-sama!" 

The <Nibelcol>'s expression suddenly brightened as they ran to Westcott's side. 

As Westcott walked towards Ellen, he slowly stroked the heads of the <Nibelcol>. 
His actions were shaped by the movement of his facial muscles, a tasteless and 
odorless smile. 

"It seems like progress isn't going smoothly. Is the manpower inadequate?" 

"No, it's not something like that." 

As Ellen tried to answer, the <Nibelcol>'s cries blocked out her words. 

"Father, you have to listen to me. Every time there are troublemakers that get in 
the way." 

"Yes, yes, it's so frustrating. What is that child called?" 

"She's called <Nightmare>, right? Really it's so troublesome. If she wasn't there, 
we can't even imagine the number of times Itsuka Shidou's head should have 
dropped by now." 

"Humph." 

After listening to the <Nibelcol>'s words, Westcott gave out a small groan. Then, 
he placed his hand beside his chin, deep in thought. 

"<Nightmare>-? It's strange to think of the Worst Spirit protecting a human. 

The only way to counter <Nibelcol>'s numbers should be her clones." 

"But isn't she still a bit too far ahead of us? Undoubtedly, even by using 
<Beelzebub>'s investigation powers and the overwhelming number of <Nibelcol> 
to attack, everything done is still blocked by her." 


202 






CHAPTER 5 - SAMSARA OF SAL VATION 


After Artemisia finishing speaking, Westcott gave another groan before raising 
the corners of his mouth. 

"Maybe-she's already aware of it. If that weren't the case, she couldn't hide 

from <Beelzebub>'s investigation." 

"Do you mean that the information of our attack was leaked?" 

"No, not the plan of the attack, but rather the attack itself." 

ti 

In response to Westcott's words, Ellen titled her head in curiosity. 


ooo 


"-Kurumi! Kurumi!" 

They were at an abandoned building in the outskirts of Tenguu City. In that room, 
Shidou ran towards Kurumi, who had just collapsed and fell onto the ground. 

After covering Kurumi's naked body with a sheet, he careful changed her position 
as he brought his ears closer to her mouth in order to confirm that she was still 
breathing. 

Although small, definite sounds of breathing shook his eardrums. Shidou, feeling 
relieved for the time being, began to gently shake Kurumi's shoulders. 

"Kurumi, are you okay, Kurumi!" 

Then, Shidou repeated the name again, as if trying to stir up Kurumi's 
consciousness. 

"-Please wait for a moment, Shidou-san." 

Kurumi replied back in a quiet voice. 

" . !?" 

However, Shidou's expression was still filled with befuddlement because Kurumi 


203 






CHAPTER 5 - SAMSARA OF SAL VATION 


was stilllying asleep on the ground, her lips remaining motionless. 

Even so, he immediately understood the identity of the person behind the voice. 

A girl, who had the same face as Kurumi, leisurely stepped out from a shadow on 
the wall. 

No doubt, it was a clone of Kurumi created by <Zafkiel>. 

The clone of Kurumi placed her index finger near Shidou's mouth before hushing 
him. She made a complex facial expression while bending her knees down next to 
the original Kurumi. 

"Please have some peace of mind, Shidou-san; / am only asleep. Please allow me 
to have a little bit of rest." 

'T-That's fine, but why did Kurumi just collapse now." 

As Shidou spoke, the clone gently stroked the original's cheek before returning 
her attention back to him. 

"It's because it was too difficult for me to partake in such a big fight despite the 
current state of exhaustion." 

"W-What does that mean.?" 


In response to Shidou's question, the clone suddenly exposed a hesitant 
expression. 

She understood the reason, but it seemed like she was wondering whether or not 
it was appropriate to tell Shidou. 

The next moment, a silhouette emerged from behind the clone. 

Of course, like the clone, she also had the exact appearance as Kurumi. However, 
she was wearing a monotone gothic Lolita Dress rather than the usual black and 
red Astral Dress. A beautiful artisan's rose decorated her head while an eyepatch 
for medical use masked her left eye. 

"You are." 

Looking at that figure made Shidou's eyes widen. 


204 








CHAPTER 5 - SAMSARA OF SAL VATION 


She was the Kurumi from five years ago, whom Shidou had seen after traveling 
back to the past with the power of the Twelfth Bullet <Yud Bet>. But he 
immediately understood what was going on. <Zafkiel>'s Eighth Bullet <Het> had 
reproduced a clone from Kurumi's past. 

That is to say, even if the clone was from five years ago, it wasn't anything 
strange. 

After some hesitation, eyepatch-Kurumi gently placed her hands on his shoulder, 
her red eye staring at Shidou's blank ones. 

"Shidou-san, are you prepared to listen to the truth?" 

"Huh.?" 

"If you don't ask anything, pretending not to know anything, then after me wakes 
up, everything will return back to normal. But even so, do you still want to know 
the truth?" 

Eyepatch-Kurumi narrowed her eyes as she spoke. As if she saw through the 
confusion and hesitation in his heart, Shidou seemed to have momentarily 
flinched. 

However, Shidou gritted his teeth to strongly urge himself as he tried to return 
eyepatch-Kurumi's stare. 

Then, eyepatch-Kurumi began giggling, laughing as though she had just pretended 
for a joke. 

"Ara, ara, if you wait so silently, you may have well just not continued." 

".! H-Hey, you!" 

"Just joking-for your determination, I offer endless gratitude." 

Eyepatch-Kurumi gave off a pleasant expression as she slowly stood and placed 
the index finger and thumb of her right hand against Shidou. 

Almost-as if she was aiming at Shidou with a gun. 

Then, she said. 

Something far too detached from reality, words that bordered on the absurd. 
"Speaking from the conclusion-Shidou-san, you are already dead." 


205 






CHAPTER 5 - SAMSARA OF SAL VATION 


Eyepatch-Kurumi declared so; she raised the tips of her fingers, as if to indicate a 
boom from shooting a general bullet. 

".What?" 

Shidou, who had no idea what eyepatch-Kurumi was saying, uttered an inaudible 
voice. 

"What are you saying.? I'm.dead? Oi, oi, then what am I doing still moving 

right now. 

Or did I unconsciously go to heaven?" 

"Ufufu, then that means right now I'm a goddess here." 

Eyepatch-Kurumi once again spoke in a jocular manner. 

However, her expression immediately quieted down as she continued to speak. 

"In other words, Shidou-san should already be dead.no, it's the possibility of 

already being dead." 

"What.are you saying?" 

Shidou didn't know how to issue a good response to that statement. 

Already being dead-a possibility, if that was the case, then the shadow of a 

sudden death should exist in the daily life for all humanity. 

However, Shidou could no longer continue. From eyepatch-Kurumi's expression, 
it didn't seem like she was kidding or deceiving him. 


Having guessed Shidou's thoughts from looking at his mood, eyepatch-Kurumi 
kept talking after giving a sad smile. 


ooo 


-On February 9th after school had finished Tokisaki Kurumi was the only 


206 










CHAPTER 5 - SAMSARA OF SAL VATION 


person on the school roof, gazing at the city landscape of Tenguu City from across 
the fence. She had no special meaning in being there, indulging in neither 
nostalgia nor anxious thoughts. In the first place, there was a sensation of sound 
sensibility that one memorized by gazing at such scenery, though Kurumi 
remained skeptical about such a thing still remaining in her mind. 

Of course, even for Kurumi, she would laugh, get angry. When finding something 
enjoyable, she would smile-she would even shed tears during sad times. 

However, despite being born as a human, she couldn't think that the contents of 
her mind, having spent most of her life as a Spirit, an avenger, and a murderer, 
would be the same as before. 


207 




CHAPTER 5 - SAMSARA OF SAL VATION 



The enjoyment she felt right now was certainly different from that of the old 
days. 

208 

















CHAPTER 5 - SAMSARA OF SAL VATION 


The sorrow now remembered was surely different from that of yore. 

However, only the persistent burning hatred in her heart stayed unmodified even 
after such a long time had passed. 


The sun had already started to set, and the issue of night completely engulfing the 
building would happen sooner or later. Although she didn't know what time it 
was, she understood that it was almost the promised time. 

".Tired, I'm tired of waiting." 

Kurumi muttered in a whisper as her fingers rode on the railing of the fence. 

Then, a muffled voice, which seemed to answer her, was then heard from the 
shadows entrenched below Kurumi's feet. 

".Hey, me, is this really okay?" 

"What's with your baffling words?" 

Hearing the words of the clone, Kurumi cast a sharp glance back. 

"I can't turn back now. Please understand the meaning of me devouring tens of 

thousands of lives despite still standing here. I will.kill Shidou-san. That is the 

only way I can rewrite the world." 

As Kurumi spoke, there was silence for a while. Then, a voice was heard from the 
shadow, it seemed to have come from a different clone. 

"Although the current me can only ask if this is really okay, what on earth am / 
exactly thinking?" 


Kurumi, after hearing the clone's words, twitched her eyebrow and then went to 
step on the shadow with the heel of her shoe. 

The next moment, as if to replace that noise, the creaking of the door entered her 
eardrums. 

Most likely Shidou had arrived. Kurumi took a deep breath to calm herself down 
before turning slowly to look at the entrance on the roof. 


209 









CHAPTER 5 - SAMSARA OF SAL VATION 


"-Ara. 


n 


There stood Shidou, just as Kurumi had predicted. His expression was stiff with 
determination and tension as he stared at Kurumi. 

"Ufufu, welcome. So you've really come to the appointed time, Shidou-san." 

Kurumi loosened her cheeks as she spoke, raising the hem of her skirt to give a 
gracious curtsy as if she was in line for a respectful ceremony. 

Shidou, who was staring at Kurumi's figure, blushed slightly for a moment. 
However, he shook his head at once as if to throw that thought out of his head. 

At that instant, Kurumi glanced past Shidou and towards the door he had come 
from. Just after he passed through, the door felt like it moved slightly. 

-Probably, Tohka and the others had come to peek at their situation after 

being worried about Shidou. 

Although it couldn't be helped, it meant that there was no trust between them. 
Kurumi sighed in a self-deprecating manner. Then, almost as if in conjunction with 
her actions, Shidou opened his mouth to speak. 

"Kurumi, I've come just as promised." 

And so, Kurumi stared straight into the sight of those eyes gleaming with the 
radiance of a firm determination that indicated his awareness. 

It hadn't been even one year since she first met Shidou, but it felt like his strength 
had increased considerably. She unintentionally relaxed her mouth for a moment. 

"-You have changed little by little, Shidou-san." 

"Huh.?" 

"Right now, you're face has grown up to become so much mature compared to 
when we first met. Well, after getting through that field of carnage maybe it's a 
matter of course.Ufufu you made it through wonderfully." 

"D-Don't make fun of me." 

Shidou replied shyly. Although it was nearing sunset, it was still clearly visible that 
Shidou face was blushing red. It seemed that this cute scene still didn't change. 

"Compared to that, you should continue on from that conversation from this 

210 






CHAPTER 5 - SAMSARA OF SAL VATION 


morning; the conditions for sealing your reiryoku." 


Kurumi laughed in response to Shidou's words. 

Although it wasn't a facial expression indicating hostility, perhaps it might been 
the results of the other side personally showcasing the marginal superiority in her 
advantage. Shidou made a nervous expression as he gulped. 

"Eh, eh. So then I'll tell you, I-" 

-At that time. 

The next moment just as Kurumi began to speak. 

A single line passed through Kurumi's vision, as the scene in front of her eyes 
turned bright red. 

"Eh.?" 

Suddenly, Shidou didn't know what the hell happened, a shaky voice leaking out 
from his throat. 

After a moment, Shidou understood that the bright red hue in front of his eyes 
was the color of the blood spewing from his chest. 


Instantaneously. 

Indeed, literally during the blink of a moment, Shidou was pierced through his 
chest by a girl flying in the sky. 

Blonde hair dancing in the wind and an armor of platinum covered by fresh blood 
-the Wizard Ellen Mathers. 

"Ah., ga.~aaah!" 

Shidou, who fell down on the floor, screamed in pain. Hemoptysis, a lot of blood 
began spewing out from his mouth. 

In that moment, the closed roof door was slammed open with extreme vigor. 
"Shidou!" 


211 








CHAPTER 5 - SAMSARA OF SAL VATION 


"Shidou.!" 

The Spirits who were eavesdropping by the door ran out in a panic. As a result of 
Shidou vomiting blood and convulsing, the light gathered around the Spirits who 
ran out as they assumed their Limited Astral Dresses. 

However- 

".Humph." 

Ellen gave off a slight laugh filled with ridicule as she glanced towards the Spirits. 
Then, she suddenly raised her left hand. 

Then, a portion of her CR-unit ejected countless sheets of paper, dancing in the 
air as it surrounded Ellen and Shidou. 

Then, at the next moment, numerous girls with the same face emerged from the 
sheets of paper. 

" . !?" 

It was a scene resembling Kurumi's clones emerging from her shadow. Wearing 
clothes that looked similar to an Astral Dress, and with fluttering charcoal hair, 
these girls stood there to block the Spirits' path. 

"Hey." 

"I'm sorry, but I won't let you get in the way." 

"Well, although it's hard to say, it looks like you're going to bother us." 

"Wh.!? What are these guys?" 

"Dismay. Who are you?" 

The Yamai Sisters raised astonished voices as they summoned their Angel, 
<Raphael>. 

Similarly, Tohka and Origami manifested their Angels in their hands and attacked 
the girls. 

"Get out of the way, aaaaaaah!" 

"Fuh-" 


212 








CHAPTER 5 - SAMSARA OF SAL VATION 


However-these girls did not try to avoid the blow. 

While laughing with a thin smile on their faces, these girls gladly received the 
slash from <Sandalphon> and the artillery bombardment from <Metatron>. 

Of course, this was not the end. These girls' bodies were either cut apart or 
punctured. 

However, they did not even give a moan of anguish, let alone distort their faces to 
reflect a painful expression. They only smiled and laughed. 

Then, in the gap of their attack, others girls, one by one, grappled Tohka's sword 
and Origami's feathers. 

;/ | // 


Kurumi's expression could not help but tense up-as a matter of fact, although 

these girls had reiryoku within their bodies, they didn't have the power to 
compete against Tohka and the others as opponents. 

However, the issue lay in their numbers and how they didn't care about the 
deaths of individuals within the group. 

Although she didn't know their true identity, Kurumi understood from deep 
within her bones the degree of trouble so painfully, having used quantity as a 
weapon herself. 

"-1/1/e!" 

In a moment after understanding that, Kurumi began to call forward. 

As if in response to that, Kurumi's shadow began to expand from the floor of the 
rooftop, from which a large number of Kurumis appeared. 

Then, the Kurumis, in response to their master's will, wrestled to restrict the 
unidentified girls stopping Tohka and the others. 

Apart from that, she did not want to save Tohka and the others. But if left alone, 
Ellen would certainly kill Shidou. It was an unacceptable situation for Kurumi, who 
was seeking the reiryoku sealed within Shidou's body. 

"Kihihi, hihi hihi!" 

"Isn't this the patented skill that we have monopolise?" 


213 





CHAPTER 5 - SAMSARA OF SAL VATION 


"Haha, what is this?" 

"Oh, so you are the rumored <Nightmare>? There are more of you than 
imagined." 

The Kurumis and the girls engaged in combat with each other, transforming the 
school rooftop into a scene of sanguinary annihilation. 

However, that alone was not enough. The clones could only serve as opponents 
for those girls. 

Kurumi pulled out a pistol from the shadows and aligned the muzzle to Ellen, who 
was stepping on Shidou's back. 

" - !?" 

The moment she was about to pull the trigger, she saw that her arm was cut 
cleanly and flew into the air. 

It was not an attack from Ellen. 

Before unnoticed, another Wizard appeared just behind Kurumi. 

"I will not let you succeed, <Nightmare>." 

".Artemisia Ashcroft.!" 

Kurumi gritted her teeth as she called out the name of the blonde girl. 

A terrible pain was produced from having her arm cut off by the laser blade. 
Kurumi tightened biting her lip with her teeth as she endured the pain, escaping 
from Artemisia's pursuit within that paper-thin difference. 

Melee. A free for all fight. Swordsmanship with a hail of bullet. 

Just in a few tens of seconds, the rooftop of the once peaceful school turned into 
a battlefield. 

It was difficult to grasp what was happening anymore. Whether it was warding off 
Artemisia's continuous sword blows, there was not even enough space to release 
the Fourth Bullet <Dalet>. 

However, in the middle of that, one thing was certain. 

Right now, Shidou's life was about to be plucked away. 


214 






CHAPTER 5 - SAMSARA OF SAL VATION 


"-It's over." 

With calm yet cruel words, Ellen Mathers swung the sword in her hand. 

"Stop it, ahhhhhh!" 

Tohka's scream echoed throughout the battlefield. 

However, Ellen's hand did not stop. 

With the sword knitted with dense magical power, it was very easy to decapitate 
Shidou's head. 


Gulu, a pool of blood was overflowing. 

Already struggling to repair a fatal chest wound, the fiery flames of <Camael> that 
had been swaying on his chest gradually disappeared. As the power disappeared, 
Shidou's hands and legs gradually stiffened. 

It was just like the light of Shidou's life being extinguished. 

"-Ah." 

The Spirits who saw this sight fell onto the ground with their Angels. 

Their faces grew pale as they began trembling. Sorrow. Loss. A sense of 
helplessness. No language could express the emotion invading their hearts. 

If one were to describe it-it was like being filled with bottomless despair. 

"Ha!" 

"Guh-" 

After escaping from an uncountable number of Artemisia's attacks, Kurumi angrily 
clenched her teeth as she danced into the shadows. 

".Hah.Hah." 

Moving through the shadows, Kurumi finally came out to the outside world. 

She was now at a hill overlooking Raizen High School. The platform was bad 
because it wasn't maintained like a park, but it was more convenient because 


215 







CHAPTER 5 - SAMSARA OF SAL VATION 


there were no people in the neighborhood. 

"Are you alright, me." 

After a few minutes, a clone exposed her face from the shadows and asked with a 
worried expression. 

Then, another clone crawled out of the shadows carrying the right arm that 
Artemisia had cut off. 

"Me, here." 

".Good." 

Kurumi responded back with thick sweat on her forehead. Then searched the 
shadow with the remaining left hand and took out the short gun of <Zafkiel> to 
load the bullet. 

"<Zafkiel>-Fourth Bullet <Dalet>." 

After chanting out the name, Kurumi directed the path of the bullet towards her 
own temple. 

At that moment, as though unwinding time, the severed arm flew into the air and 
reattached itself to the tip of her right arm. 


Then, Kurumi, having finished restoring her arm to its original state, had her eyes 
brighten up after seeing the scene at the end of her sight. 

Raizen High School's roof, on that side a tremendous flash of light sprouted out, 
burning the very sky above the earth. 

With an intermittent echoing roar, the school building collapsed in an instant. 

At last, there was a sharp alarm ringing throughout the town, but it was already 
too late. A huge tornado weltered around the school building, which had been 
reduced into rubble, magnifying the damage to the surrounding structures one 
after another. Then, a condensed jet-black light expanded radially from the center 
of the building. As far as one could see, the landscape had transformed into 
scorched earth. 

"That is." 


216 







CHAPTER 5 - SAMSARA OF SAL VATION 


"Tohka-san and the others are fighting.?" 

The clones were surprised at the direction of the light. 

However, Kurumi was aware that it was not just light radiating from reiryoku. 

Even though they were talking at such a distance, there was an illusion of their 
skin being attacked by acupuncture needles. 

Despair. Fury. Hatred. It was a sense of unleashing all those negative feelings from 
the body into a weapon. 

Even if the reiryoku flowed backward from Shidou, this phenomenon would not 
happen. It was far from a matter of simple quantity of reiryoku. In the first place, 
the quality had transformed into something poles apart. 

Yes, in other words, it was as if a positive value had been intuitively tacked with a 
minus. 

Kurumi remembered this phenomenon. She wrinkled her eyebrows together 
before giving out a moan. 

"Inversion-did it happen?" 

1/ | // 


Hearing Kurumi's words, the clones held their breath. 

Without a doubt, the Spirits that were there-Tohka, Origami, and the Yamai 

Sisters, everyone had become an inverse Spirit. 

But that was a reasonable story. With Shidou's head flying out in front of them, it 
wasn't difficult to imagine the abyss of despair swallowing them. 

"Well-" 


Suddenly, a voice interrupted Kurumi's thought process, causing her to 
unexpectedly choke breathlessly. 

Judging by a closer look, another clone was presenting herself from out of the 
shadow. 

No-not just that. The clone was holding Shidou, being stained by the dark red 


217 







CHAPTER 5 - SAMSARA OF SAL VATION 


blood dripping from his body. 

"Me, this is.!" 

"Yeah, yeah.it was a close call, but I would also blame myself for leaving it as 

it was." 

So with that said, the clone placed Shidou's severed corpse on the ground. 

".the Fourth Bullet <Dalet>." 

Kurumi remained in silence for a while after shooting Shidou's body with the gun 
in her hand. 

Just like what happened previously with Kurumi's arm, Shidou's head, which had 
been separated from his torso, gently reattached itself to his body. The large hole 
in his chest had also been filled up. 

However-it was just that. 

Shidou's eyes were still shut, no signs of even the slightest hint of breathing. 

Indeed, the fourth bullet <Dalet> was a bullet capable of rewinding time. In fact, 
Shidou's body had returned to the state of life. However, it was only to that 
extent. It was impossible to restore a life already lost. 


Kurumi, in order to calm down her heartbeat, took in a deep breath before 
thinking of about what to do next. 

-While watching Shidou's remains sleep peacefully, the scenery of the end of 

the world appeared beyond her line of sight. 

However, after a moment of a silence, a voice leaked out from her throat. 

"I.failed, didn't I.?" 

Such words were colored by pessimistic resignation. 

-Just a few minutes ago, it'd been going so well. Kurumi tightened the grip on 

her fist so much that blood started to seep out. 

By obtaining Shidou's power, she would have used the twelfth bullet <Yud Bet> to 
return to thirty years ago and erase the existence of the First Spirit. 


218 










CHAPTER 5 - SAMSARA OF SAL VATION 


Then, everything was supposed to be rewarded. 

Kurumi walked through thousands of days. 

There were tens of thousands of lives lying before Kurumi's feet. 

It was all brought to naught in the blink of an eye. 

Shattered-because of someone. 

By the hands of the hated Wizard, Ellen Mathers. 

"Ah.Ah, AH!" 

Leaving it to her passion, Kurumi slammed the ground with her right arm. 

Seeing the usually aloof Kurumi behave this way, the clone's shoulders began to 
suddenly tremble. 

However, for Kurumi right now, there was no time to leisurely care about the 
clones' reaction. 

Hope was cut off. Hope was broken-in the worst way possible by killing Shidou 

in front of her. 


Thinking of that, Kurumi held her breath. 

It was a matter of course for her heart to be filled with unspeakable hatred. 

Regardless, the road where she so painstakingly struggled for the goal in her life 
had collapsed. 

Moreover, everything was still caused by what the woman of origin had given. 

If it had been Kurumi when she was younger, then perhaps she would have also 
inverted just like Tohka and the others. 

Yet Kurumi realized that there were other emotions mixed in with said anger. 

Ah-that's right. 

Kurumi covered Shidou's forehead with hands stained with dust and blood, gently 
spreading his eyes wide open. 


219 






CHAPTER 5 - SAMSARA OF SAL VATION 


For Kurumi, she felt a deep sense of remorse for not being able to save Shidou 
from being killed right in front of her. 

Endless sadness-a feeling of helplessness. 

Kurumi's mind was lost in a chaotic whirlpool. Despite arriving at an answer, she 
still did not understand its meaning. 

It was a tremendous contradiction. Why was Kurumi thinking that despite 
wanting to kill Shidou herself. 

"Shidou.-san." 

Various memories emerged from her mind. At the same time, various feelings 
were also intertwined, throwing Kurumi's mind into disarray. 

Shidou. Itsuka Shidou. A boy who loved Spirits and was loved by Spirits. Even in 
front of Kurumi, he overcame his fear and extended out his hand. 

Kurumi was unconsciously clinging onto the shoulder of Shidou's remains. 

Placing her lips on top of his- 

Still not lost in its softness, but also a very cold kiss. 

Feeling that touch, Kurumi finally remembered. 

In the game with Shidou-she was the one who was defeated. 

".To be unconscious even for the second kiss, what a really unfortunate one." 

Kurumi slowly narrowed her eyes. 

Last year in June, during an encounter with Shidou, Kurumi was defeated by the 
Spirit of Fire, Itsuka Kotori and narrowly escaped. 

At that time, the person who stepped in between Kotori and Kurumi was none 
other than Shidou. 

Although it was a slightly awkward performance for a knight, it did not change the 
fact that he saved her life. Before Kurumi escaped into the shadows, she left a kiss 
on his lips as a substitute for thanking him. 

Although by now, all this had been completely gone. 


220 







CHAPTER 5 - SAMSARA OF SAL VATION 


-However. 

".Huh?" 

At the next moment, Kurumi frowned at the strange sensation. 

How could it be expressed? It was as if a warm thing had flown into her body. 

Just like once, when Mio had handed her a Sephira Crystal-".<Zafkiel>!" 

Remembering that time, Kurumi instinctively declared that name. In response to 
Kurumi's call, a huge clock appeared from within the shadows. 

a |;/ 

" Me , this is !" 

The clone gave out a voice filled with astonishment. 

However, that was unavoidable. Because on the clock, the numeral VI, whose 
color had faded ever since the battle against Kotori, was shining brightly. 

"What does that mean.? No way-" 

Kurumi slowly stood up, stroking each dial on the clock in order. 

Accelerating the target, the First Bullet <Aleph>. 

Slowing down the passage of time of an object, the Second Bullet <Bet>. 

Causing the target to age, the Third Bullet <Gimmel>. 

Rewinding the target's time, the Fourth Bullet <Dalet>. 

Allowing a short-term prediction of the future, the Fifth Bullet <Hei>. 

Stopping the target's time, the Seventh Bullet <Zayin>. 

Reproducing a copy from one's past, the Eight Bullet <Het>. 

Establishing a connection with a person on another time axis, the Ninth Bullet 
<Tet>. 

Recalling the memory of the target shot, the Tenth Bullet <Yud>. 

Directly engulfing a Spirits' power and travelling back in time, the Eleventh Bullet 


221 









CHAPTER 5 - SAMSARA OF SAL VATION 


<Yud Aleph> and the Twelfth Bullet <Yud Bet>. 

Kurumi's hand finally touched the numeral located on the very bottom of the 
clock. 

-The only numeral so far to lose its color, VI. 

".The Sixth Bullet <Vav>." 

Kurumi murmured a little as she looked at Shidou's corpse. 

Obviously, the Sixth Bullet <Vav > had regained its radiance after the kiss with 
Shidou. 

Shidou could seal reiryoku through a kiss. Kurumi was well aware of that matter 
because of the investigation of her doppelgangers. Instead of the Sixth Bullet 
<Vav> being broken during the battle against Kotori, was it actually sealed up 
until now due to the prank kiss with Shidou? 

If so, even if incomplete, but at that time, Kurumi's heart had begun to open to up 
to Shidou. 

Kurumi twisted her lips with a self-deprecating feeling-the emotion of the 

defeated that had lost the match. Perhaps, from the very beginning, Kurumi 
lacked any chance for victory. 

However, with sweat dripping from her forehead, Kurumi revealed a dazzling 
smile. 

The Sixth Bullet <Vav>, which had been sealed up until the present, was 
<Zafkiel>'s best move. 

If she had used this power she gained back unexpectedly, changing this outcome 
was not necessarily impossible. 

It was terribly weak to call it hope-however it was enough to inspire Kurumi 

again. 

But Kurumi had not yet paid the price. 

To be accurate-in order to achieve her goal, even more sacrifice was required 

now. 

"-We." 


222 





CHAPTER 5 - SAMSARA OF SAL VATION 


Kurumi quietly spoke in front of a row of clones that all started nodding as if 
understanding her intentions in a split second. 

And so, she made a declaration. 

"For Shidou-san's sake-please die." 

Then the clones all began laughing, as if they were all well aware of her motives. 
"Yes, yes, gladly." 

"Come on now, let's all go on ahead." 

"This body from the very beginning has always been temporary." 

"Please use it to its fullest." 

"As long as this life can be used as a stepping stone for me." 

"Let's go on to Higon with pleasure." 

"We can say something amusing now." 

"You can also use me if you want." 


223 




CHAPTER 5 - SAMSARA OF SAL VATION 



"You won't find it impossible to refuse." 

"Hahahaha." 

"Hahahaha." 

The clones merely laughed happily. 

Certainly no one would remain intact in the end, nobody would survive. 

However, from their expression, you couldn't even see the slightest fragment of 
gloom. 

Kurumi gave off a wry smile. The figures of the girls who shared the same 
appearance as her were unquestionably reliable. She couldn't help but feel proud 
-even though it would also be a type of narcissism. 

"-Then, please follow me, we, for this unprecedented journey to the other 

world." 


Then, while chanting loudly, Kurumi raised her right arm holding the gun. 


224 






CHAPTER 5 - SAMSARA OF SAL VATION 


The name of the power that was once lost and regained with a great price. 

The name of another bullet with the possibility to change this world. 

"<Zafkiel>-the Sixth Bullet <Vav>." 

Kurumi directed the gun with bullet towards her temple-with a smile on her 

face she pulled the trigger. 


ooo 


Quite abruptly, she woke up. 

No.whether this fitted the description of waking up was a matter up for 

debate. 

Anyway, after Kurumi regained consciousness, she immediately went to confirm 
the surrounding situation. 

A dim room where only the minimum amount of furniture had been placed, it was 
one of the several strongholds that Kurumi had in the city. 

On the wall hung a freshly cleaned uniform, and the date February 8th was 
displayed on the screen of the mobile phone prepared for gathering information. 

So, Kurumi had returned. 

February 8th, the day before Kurumi went back to Raizen High School. 

".Apparently it seems to have succeeded." 

<Zafkiel>-the Sixth Bullet <Vav>. 

A bullet that allowed the target's consciousness to return to a past body. 

Although it depended on how much time was depleted, it could only be used to 
trace backwards up to a few days, far less than the extent capable with the 
Twelfth Bullet <Yud Bet>. Flowever, at this moment, it wouldn't be a metaphor to 


225 






CHAPTER 5 - SAMSARA OF SAL VATION 


say that it was a bullet where a single shot could be used to save the world. 

-But the hard work would start from here. Kurumi went to grab a coat to 

wear, opened the door and left the room. 

Then, while descending down the stairs of the abandoned building, she staggered 
on in the inaccessible alley, as she was talking to herself. 

"-Well, it's time to move, we." 

Then, in response to that, a tremendous number of responses ensued from the 
shadow. 

"Yes, yes." 

"There isn't much time." 

"The enemy is Ellen Mathers and Artemisia Ashcroft." 

"And those mysterious girls." 

"For the moment, do you want to change the location from the open rooftop of 
where to call Shidou to?" 

"No, then the other party will only change their attack strategy in haste. It's a bad 
move to let go of the advantage of knowing where the battle will occur." 

"Then, let us suppress those we are going to attack." 

"Yes, yes, that is the only thing that can be done." 

"Please take into account the difference in fighting power of the enemy. We 
would be able to handle those girls, but those two Wizards are monsters. Ah, 
even if you introduce us, it will be difficult to stop both at the same time. There 
must be at least one ally, someone with power comparable to them." 

"But I don't think it is possible to find such a convenient ally." 

"No, no, there is still one person that we have." 

"In my mind, there is one person, but it's a candidate that I don't want to rely on 
that much." 

"That is-" 


226 




CHAPTER 5 - SAMSARA OF SAL VATION 


As she was about to ask, Kurumi suddenly flashed a bitter smile, having imagined 
the person that the clone was think about. 

The clone not wanting to rely on her was reasonable enough. After all, she was 
probably the girl who had killed the largest number of Kurumi's clones. 

"Well, that's unpleasant. But there is no one more suitable than her." 

Kurumi raised her hand to release an instruction without letting the dialogue 
loosen her walking pace. 

"-Us, please go to Mana-san's residence, rush there for emergency 

negotiations." 

"Yes, yes." 

"Roger that." 

"In addition please form a separate group to explore the movements of DEM 

Industries.-Looking from how even Kotori-san couldn't do anything, there's 

the possibility that they are using <Beelzebub> to find blind spots in their 
vigilance." 

"Understood." 

"Be careful." 

"Perhaps, the other side also wants to immediately decide the outcome. I think 
that they will attack only once. Keep a close guard around Shidou-san. Do not let 

them the opportunity-of killing Shidou-san. Make sure he thinks that there is 

no one outside, except for me, Tokisaki Kurumi." 

As Kurumi spoke, the clones all smiled and laughed together. 

"Ara, ara." 

"Truly, me." 

"Such a dangerous confession." 

".Uh." 

Hearing these claims made Kurumi blush as her breathing became ragged. She 
stepped on the ground with her foot irritatingly. 


227 





CHAPTER 5 - SAMSARA OF SAL VATION 


After venting that out, Kurumi regained her determination as she turned to the 
front for a declaration. 

"Come out, us-even if unintended, let us rescue and save this world." 

-Then, Tokisaki Kurumi's battle began. 

It took about six days' worth of time. 

But in those six days, Kurumi protected Shidou many times and had also 
repeatedly suffered the loss of Shidou several times. 

The enemy was the cunning DEM Industries. Through the usage of the Demon 
King <Beelzebub>, they persistently seized every opportunity against Shidou's life 
through the daughters of the demon king, the <Nibelcol>, and the strongest cards 
Ellen and Artemisia. 

Even at the expense of sacrificing several Kurumis, going through a thousand 
measures, Kurumi continued fighting. 

Every time Shidou died, she would use his lips to regain the Sixth Bullet <Vav>. 
Again and again, the world was redone. 

In the center of those disasters, fortunately the Sixth Bullet <Vav> only returned 
Kurumi's memories. 

Before Shidou could die, the consciousness would come back to a previous 
version of her body before regaining the Sixth Bullet. So the time used to fuel the 
Sixth Bullet <Vav> and the clones used to stop the enemy were reset to its 
original state. 

After all the time needed to use the Sixth Bullet <Vav> was immense and the 
production of clones through the Eighth Bullet <Het> was not infinite. 

If this reset was not established, the time held by Kurumi would have hit rock 
bottom already. 

But in other words-it also meant the same for the enemy. 

Even after killing a few <Nibelcol> and dismissing Ellen many times, the damage 
they received would be reset every time Kurumi utilised the Sixth Bullet <Vav>. 

No-precisely due to not knowing they had fought Kurumi before, every time 

they would act in accordance to the same plan to kill Shidou. 

228 




CHAPTER 5 - SAMSARA OF SAL VATION 


The sole advantage that Kurumi held was a hell fire-like passion that burned by 
itself. 

Once. 

Ten times. 

More than a hundred times. 

While killing and being killed repeatedly, Kurumi gradually felt her own heart 
becoming fatigued. 

Mechanically digesting the same events every time. 

Only to be defeated by an abnormality different from the previous. 

And in the core of this, the mind of the original Kurumi began to wear away in 
exhaustion. 

But-Kurumi never relinquished the gun in her hands. 

Every time Shidou was killed. 

And whenever she touched those stiff lips. 

Kurumi wanted to be carried by that hand once again. 

"Shidou-san.hey, Shidou-san?" 

How many times was it in the end? 

Holding on to Shidou's cold lips with her own- 

"Let's meet again.?" 

Kurumi pulled the trigger at her own head. 


ooo 


"What." 


229 







CHAPTER 5 - SAMSARA OF SAL VATION 


While listening to eyepatch-Kurumi's story, Shidou gave out a sharp voice. 

He could not help but touch his chest and head. Of course, there was no hole in 
his chest and his head was still attached to his neck. 

"I.was once dead?" 

While being pointed to this unrealistic sensation, Shidou found it difficult to 
squeeze out that sentence from his throat. 

At best, he used a strenuous amount of energy to unpleasantly emit that word. By 
admitting it with his own mouth, it was like remembering the illusion of denying 
his own life. 

But eyepatch-Kurumi shook her head slowly in response to Shidou's words. 

"No, that word is inaccurate." 

Then she stared at Shidou's eyes while continuing. 

"-204 times." 

"Huh.?" 

"That is-the number of times Shidou-san has died by the hands of DEM within 

that repetition of six days." 


This time, no voice came out of Shidou. 

204 times, this was far beyond the expected number, causing him to be 
momentarily dumbfounded. 

Regardless, eyepatch-Kurumi continued. 

"We were also keenly aware of it.but frustratingly the terror of <Beelzebub> 

allowed them to strike at any opening, creating a variety of ways to harvest the 
life of Shidou-san. 

"Hey, please wait, that kind of-" 

To avoid saying something stupid, Shidou suddenly closed his lips and stopped 
mid-way of what he was speaking. 


230 







CHAPTER 5 - SAMSARA OF SAL VATION 


Although the method was different, Shidou had once traveled back in time with 
the help of Kurumi and changed history. No matter how absurd a story it was, he 
could not deny those words. 

And more than anything- 


Shidou saw the color of Kurumi's face after she had just fainted. 

With that face, beyond her aloof demeanor was a girl who was all but completely 
exhausted. 

Even if the reiryoku sealed within his body was the purpose, Kurumi had made a 
huge sacrifice to save Shidou's life. In fact, it was a dedication that Shidou could 
not easily describe. 

Having guessed Shidou's thought process, eyepatch-Kurumi gently focused on 
him with her one eye. 

"Like I said, every time, we would send the consciousness back to the past using 

the Sixth Bullet <Vav>. Again and again-Of course, only the consciousness 

goes beyond time. The time used and the dead clones will also return to their 
original state." 

Then, eyepatch-Kurumi took in a deep breath. 

"The mind of me, which was strained by repeating the same time over and over 
again, has reached its limit." 


Shidou silently sighed as his line of sight once again fell down to Kurumi on the 
floor. 

The appearance-same usual beauty-but there were also transient signs of 

frailness. 

Understanding.Yes, in order for Kurumi's goal to be achieved, the reiryoku 

sealed within Shidou's body was indispensable, and it was absolutely necessary to 
avoid letting Shidou be killed by DEM. So it was reasonable that Kurumi 
repeatedly saved his life through trial and error. 

But there was one thing he could not comprehend. 


231 







CHAPTER 5 - SAMSARA OF SAL VATION 


Shidou looked on to the sleeping Kurumi while muttering to himself. 

"Why.didn't you just immediately eat me.?" 

Yes, it was incomprehensible for Shidou. 

Certainly, being around the Spirits and <Ratatoskr>, it would be very difficult for 
Kurumi to succeed. 

However, Kurumi could use the Sixth Bullet <Vav> to travel back to the same time 
as many times as possible. In that case, it was not impossible for her to exploit an 
opportunity in Shidou's life. 

However, Kurumi did not do that. 

Abiding to the initial agreement, dating-and then revealing all of her secrets in 

order to seek Shidou's understanding. 

To Shidou-asking for help. 

Even while exasperating her stamina, going as far to expose her sleeping posture 
to Shidou was something that could not usually happen. 

".Shidou-san." 

Eyepatch-Kurumi relaxed her mouth as she turned her line of sight towards 
Shidou. 

"Please do not ask anything thoughtless, me is-" 

-Suddenly. 

Just as eyepatch-Kurumi was trying to say something, Kurumi, who should have 
been still lying down, moved her hand as a short gun materialized before firing off 
a bullet. 

A bullet like a solid shadow of jet black struck eyepatch-Kurumi in the cheek and 
carved a small crater on the walall. After a moment, eyepatch-Kurumi opened her 
eyes while still in fright. 

".It seems there was a lot of enjoyment in talking while I was sleeping, me." 

Kurumi, with eyes half-open, slowly got up. On the other side, the clone was 
extending out her hands up in the air anxiously, but she merely ignored this while 
standing up. 

232 








CHAPTER 5 - SAMSARA OF SAL VATION 


".Excuse me, Shidou-san. The young me in front of you seems to be going 

through a difficult phase." 

Kurumi spoke while trying to suppress her dizziness by placing her hand on her 
forehead. 

Despite her behavior being full of Kurumi's usual composure-but for Shidou, 

no matter what it seemed like she was trying to pull off a brave act. Shidou could 
not help but stretch out his hand to support her. 

"Kurumi-" 


Kurumi retired behind in order to avoid Shidou's hand. 

However, he could not see things resembling feelings of disgust in that 
expression. 

If anything, yes-it looked as if she was afraid of touching the hand. 

Kurumi shook her shoulder as she seemed to be aware of her own facial 
expression, exposing an unfriendly smile to Shidou. 

"-Please don't understand, Shidou-san. I helped Shidou-san because I would 

be troubled if that sealed reiryoku was lost." 

"Ah, ah.I understand." 

Shidou was overwhelmed by the momentum to answer properly. As a result, 
Kurumi gently turned her back to him. 

".No interest ah, let's go this far for today." 

"Ah-hey, Kurumi!" 

Shidou reached out his hand while screaming, however-As it was, Kurumi and 

her clone disappeared together into the shadows. 

".Kurumi-" 

While watching the floor where Kurumi had disappeared into, Shidou clenched his 
fist. 

Kurumi, Tokisaki Kurumi. 


233 









CHAPTER 5 - SAMSARA OF SAL VATION 


More horrible than anyone, more ruthless than anyone-a girl gentler than 

anyone. 

The boy who was saved by her many times slowly raised his face. 

That pair of eyes was marked with a brilliant spark of determination. 

"This time... it's my turn to save you..." 


ooo 


On the roof of the building lit by the moonlight, a shadow expanded as if it was 
ink that had been spilled. 

Kurumi looked out, taking in a deep breath as she exposed her body to the fresh 
air. 

".Fuh." 

Sure enough, there seemed to have been no strength left. Kurumi inhaled 
another deep breath while keeping her back against the railing. 

Then, as if following her lead, the Kurumi from five years ago, with an eyepatch 
on her left eye, crawled out of the shadow. 

Of course, she still left a large number of clones to protect Shidou. However, 
numerous clones, including this individual, decided to accompany Kurumi. 

Yes, she was the culprit who had blurted a lot of unnecessary things to Shidou 
while Kurumi was unconscious. Kurumi glared at eyepatch-Kurumi with sullen 
eyes. 

"-You've done something unnecessary, me." 

"Ara, ara." 

As Kurumi spoke, eyepatch-Kurumi appeared in a daze, placing her index finger 
on her chin while she adverted her eyes. 

"I don't know what you are talking about. I merely thought Shidou-san looked 


234 





CHAPTER 5 - SAMSARA OF SAL VATION 


bored and decided to talk to him." 

As eyepatch Kurumi pretended to know nothing, Kurumi cleared her throat as she 
twitched the edge of her brow. 

". Me." 

However, those words were not directed towards eyepatch-Kurumi. 

As if responding to that command, the shadow below her feet began creeping as 
another Kurumi clone made a face as if imploring her to apologize. 

".Yes, me, this eyepatch was talking to Shidou-san about everything that 

happened during these last few days." 

"Kihi~tsu!?" 

With the betrayal of her fellow compatriot, eyepatch-Kurumi raised a shrill voice. 
Kurumi, with eyes half-closed, glared at her once again. 

"Let me explain, me." 

As Kurumi gave a groan while holding her hand on her chest, eyepatch-Kurumi 
waited for a while before making a serious shrug with her shoulders. 

"Although it is indeed as you said, it is better to say that I do not understand why 
not, ah me. 

The determination of me is not as usual as it is wishful, me. That is why despite 
the strong vigilance of me, it was that reason for exposing my sleeping 
appearance in front of Shidou-san." 

".Well." 

Hurt by the painful point, Kurumi slightly wrinkled her brow as eyepatch Kurumi 
continued with her momentum. 

"If so, who should be blamed for informing Shidou-san. And even Shidou-san 
would cherish the idea of me after saving him numerous times. What in the world 
are the disadvantages!" 


Eyepatch Kurumi made a grand appeal while conducting her speech. 


235 








CHAPTER 5 - SAMSARA OF SAL VATION 


After a moment of silence, Kurumi replied with her cheek flushed. 

".It's not like that." 

"Hm? What did you say?" 

"There is no misunderstanding! Isn't my match with Shidou-san where the one 

who falls in love first loses!? Such a thing-if it was known that I did that to help 

Shidou-san, it would the same thing as being attached to Shidou-san.!" 

".Wow, me .?" 

Eyepatch-Kurumi's eyes opened wide in surprise, as she soon shrugged her 
shoulders and laughed. 

"Hehe.Hahahahah, that's right, it's exactly as you said." 

".Somehow, I feel like a fool." 

"It's your illusion." 

Eyepatch-Kurumi continued to speak while shrugging her shoulders. 

Meanwhile, Kurumi seemed unhappy as she wrinkled her brow. 

-How did she get herself in this messy humbling position. Even if she wanted 

to use the Sixth Bullet <Vav> to travel back to before the fall, Shidou had not yet 
died in this timeline, so <Zafkiel> had not regained its power yet. 

However, if she tried to kiss him while Shidou was still alive, the reiryoku that 
remained in Kurumi could also be sealed. 

"So.what are you going to do now, me? Even if the crisis has been averted for 

now, there isn't much time left, right?" 

".That's right." 

Hearing the clone's words, Kurumi let out a distressed expression. 

Fighting to keep Shidou alive was the prerequisite to continue. But in the case of 
eating Shidou-Then. 

".You seem to be in distress." 

" i y 


236 














CHAPTER 5 - SAMSARA OF SAL VATION 


At that moment, a voice other than the clone resounded in the darkness of the 
night. Kurumi nearly choked on her breath in the process. 

Was it high or low, a man or a woman? It was impossible to tell from this strange 
voice. 

It was a voice that Kurumi remembered. She immediately gave the command for 
her clones to begin as two old-style guns emerged from the shadows. 

".Oh, it doesn't seem like I'm much welcomed here. I'm only here to give 

advice." 

It was impossible to distinguish the figure of the person from the sound of the 
voice. 

While unknowingly standing on the corner of the roof, the shadow of a figure 
covered in mosaics. The image resolution of that person's existence remained 
very vague. Surely, there was someone there, but it was impossible to tell what 
was there. 

Yes, it was the Spirit that Shidou and the others called <Phantom>. 

Kurumi used to receive information several times from this Spirit. In fact the 
information about a boy called Itsuka Shidou was brought to her by <Phantom>. 

But right now <Phantom> was no longer a cooperator to Kurumi. 

No, certainly-it was an enemy. 

".Welcome? Me for you? Please temporarily leave the jokes aside." 

As Kurumi cast a sharp gaze with her eyes, a few seconds later, <Phantom> gave 
out a sigh as if having guessed everything. 

".Oh, I see. You already know?-Then there is no way around it. It's a pity, 

but it was true that I wanted to give advice though." 

After saying that, <Phantom> made a slight movement forward. 

"Did you think-you could escape.!?" 

Accompanied by Kurumi's voice, all of the clones pulled the trigger together to 
fire a shower of bullet. 

An endless number of black bullet rushed through the darkness at night and 

237 








CHAPTER 5 - SAMSARA OF SAL VATION 


attacked <Phantom>. 


<Phantom> jumped to the sky, to avoid the bullet from the clones. 

But that was within Kurumi's wishes. In order to provide an opening for 
<Phantom> to escape, she didn't want any of the clone to aim for above. 

"<Zafkiel>-the Seventh Bullet <Zayin>!" 

Kurumi roared as she pulled the trigger. 

Absolutely invincible, the Seventh Bullet <Zayin>, the shot which could stop time 
itself had pierced <Phantom>. 

At that moment, the mosaic pattern stopped in the air perfectly. 

"We!" 

The next moment, the clones aligned their muzzles upward and fired their 
rounds. 

Poor <Phantom> could not even speak while being showered in a hail of over 100 
bullet. 

-It seemed like that. 

".Ya-re, ya-re, you caught me offguard." 

"Wh-" 

As a result of the voice coming in front of her, Kurumi unintentionally knitted her 
brows. 

There was a massive clump of mosaic still in the sky. But the voice came from 
directly beneath the chunk. 

On the ground of the roof, there was a woman squatting on her knees. 

Yes, it was like she stopped the Seventh Bullet <Zayin> by leaving those clothes in 
the air while landing below. 

"This is.your true appearance, isn't it?" 


238 






CHAPTER 5 - SAMSARA OF SAL VATION 


Kurumi did not hesitate to lift her gun while staring at the woman. 

".Well, that ought to be right. I didn't expect those barriers to be stripped away 

so beautifully. As expected of you-Kurumi." 

While saying that, the lady slowly raised her face. 

Looking at that face. 

Kurumi's eyes widened. 

"-Uh." 

Long, messy hair could be easily recognized. A girl about twenty years old. 

It looked like she had not slept for a long time. Her eyes had thick dark circles. 

And peering out of her pocket was a stuffed bear covered with scars. 

"Murasame-sensei." 


Kurumi called out the name of that woman-Murasame Reine, before 

returning to silence. 

Yes, basked in moonlight was a teacher from the school that Kurumi had 
attended, Murasame Reine. 

Of course, Kurumi knew that she wasn't just a teacher. She was a member of 
<Ratatoskr> led by Kotori, and also someone who also wanted Shidou to win her 
over. 

However, even after taking that into consideration, it was incredibly surprising 
that existence was Reine. 

-It didn't make sense, Phantom was Murasame Reine? Then the information 

that Kurumi received was-"-Ah." 

However. 

An extremely small voice squeezed out from Kurumi's throat." 

"Yes... That way, ah, ah, ah, finally-everything adds up." 


239 








CHAPTER 5 - SAMSARA OF SAL VATION 


Hearing Kurumi's words, Reine gently narrowed her eyes as she kicked off from 
the floor. 

She tried to escape with a jumping power impossible for a human being. 

"-! We!" 

Kurumi reverberated a fierce scream. 

Then, the shadow on the floor creeped up the moment Reine landed, with 
countless hands seizing her body. 

".Kuh-" 

Reine made a distorted facial expression while trying to escape from the hands. 
However, it was ineffective. Eventually Reine was restrained by the many hands- 
As if being eaten by the shadow. 


For a moment, Kurumi murmured something with disgust just as Reine was 
passing her line of sight, about to be swallowed by the shadow. 

"-You don't even deserve to go to helall." 

Clouds enshrouded the moon as darkness filled the evening street. 

To Be Continued 


240 






AFTERWORD 


Afterword 


Hello, everyone. My favourite Jack is Frisbee; I'm Tachibana Koushi. 

Date A Live Volume 16 Kurumi Refrain has reached your hands. How is it? I'd be 
elated if you loved it. 

Thus arrives Kurumi's arc at long last, of whom hasn't made an appearance in 
quite a while. 

Although you've probably seen her often in the short stories, the feeling just isn't 
the same. 

During the early third volume, Kurumi could have well joined the initial harem of 
Spirits, but due to her not being sealed, she has been moving in the dark ever 
since. For her to crop up in the cover and title, it sure has been a long journey. 

The illustration of her looking back is really cute, not to mention her sexy thigh 
peeking out. 

Not only the front cover, but also the inside. All of the colored illustrations have 
Kurumi in them; it's a first. As expected of Kurumi. 

I'll hold back on the spoilers as I think some of you may be reading the afterword 
prior to the actual story, so this and that and this scene and that scene. 

Come to think of it, Kurumi's the first character created in Date A Live. 

Although to be precise, the current Kurumi is slightly different; her prototype was 
designed when I started writing this novel during my second year of high school. 

A Gothic Lolita with uneven hair and a clock for her left eye. My state of mind was 
truly beyond description: "This character has potential, and one day I'll show her 
to the world." 

Ten years later, I still firmly believe in my passion from then. 

I remember my original draft: she was an artificial magician who had a special 
clock implanted in her left eye, capable of utilizing particular abilities at the cost 
of her own lifespan. At the activation of one, the clock would tick faster, causing 
her to lose an equal amount of her time. 


241 




AFTERWORD 


As a result, there would be characters other than her who possessed clocks too, 
but basically those with them on the back of their palms or chests would be more, 
so only she would have one in her eyeball. Something like that. 

And of course, Kurumi wouldn't be the main heroine. She'd become the insane 
sister character targeting the main heroine's life, saying, "Hihihihihi, ne, Onee- 
sama?" A line like that, so spine-chilling. 

By the way, while out of topic, the prototype of Kusanagi Neon from my debut 
work <Soukyuu no Karma> also appears in that story. This character's a personage 
among the military and also the strongest one, so he would have clocks in both of 
his hands, shoulders, and chest. Very powerful. 

Somehow discussing my previous works really makes me embarrassed. 

But this time's fantastic - Kurumi's volume, Kurumi's spin-off, Tsunako-san's third 
art book released in March! Threes galore! 

Tsunako-san's art book also has a short story included, so please check it out! 
Alongside never-before-seen exclusive illustrations.!? 

The Kurumi spin-of written by Higashide Yuichiro, Date A Bullet, is extremely 
cutely, solidly, and violently done in style. I simply love Furue-chan. And Aiai- 
chan's cute too. Because all these adorable girls are present, I'm sure all of you 
will hold tea parties together. What a warm sight. There's also an announcement 
at the end, so please have a look! NOCO-san's Kurumi is immensely beautiful! 

Speaking of the ending, an outline of the newly revived airship, <Fraxinus EX 
Celsior>, introduced in Volume 14 has also been inserted! 

The design was done by Ebikawa Kanetake-san, who also drew <Fraxinus>! I hope 
you appreciate the even sharper and cooler version, <Fraxinus EX>! 

As always, this book has been released owing to the efforts of many. 

Illustrator Tsunako-san, the image of Kurumi standing among her clones is superb. 
Editor-san, please forgive the delays caused up till now. Designer Kusano-san, 
thank you for your excellent designs every time. Isn't it time to worry about the 
title logo deployment, kukuku. 

Spin-off writer Fligashide-san, NOCO-san, <Fraxinus> Designer Ebikawa-san, 
everyone in the Publishing Department, those involved in retail and distribution, 
as well as you holding this book right now, you all have my utmost gratitude. 

Next up is Volume 17. How will this and that turn out? (Keeping it spoiler-free) I'll 

242 






AFTERWORD 


do my best to bring it to you, hoping it meets your expectations. 
With that, I look forward to seeing you in the upcoming volume. 
February 2017, 

Tachibana Koushi 


243 




CREDITS 


Date A Live - Volume 16 - Kurumi Refrain 
Author: Tachibana Koushi 
Illustrator: Tsunako 

Translated and edited by Fal'cie & Vizard6991 


244 



